i understand. i would like to assist you. we would need to get you into a private secured link to further assist.
please send us a private message so that we can further assist you. just click message at the top of your profile.
can you please send us a private message, so that i can gain further details about your account?
this is saddening to hear. please shoot us a dm, so that we can look into this for you.
we understand your concerns and we'd like for you to please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
h there! we'd definitely like to work with you on this, how long have you been experiencing this issue?
please send me a private message so that i can send you the link to access your account.
what information is incorrect? 
our department is part of the corporate office.  if you're particular area has gone to this format, we were unawa... 
no thank you. 
the information pertaining to the account assumption is correct.  this does need to be done at a local outlet wit... 
hello, my apologies for any frustrations or inconvenience. id be happy to look into this for you? 
i apologize for the inconvenience. i will be glad to assist you. can you dm me your name and acct # or phone #?
help has arrived! we are sorry to see that you are having trouble. how can we help?
awesome! if you ever need us we are just a tweet away.
have your friend message us.
please follow and dm us so that we can look into this order. 
we would not be able to verify anything without authenticating your account.
we can use the order number to locate the account but will need to do so in our secure one on one chat. please follow and dm us. 
is the light on top red?
did the lights change on the router when this happened?
do you have our fios service?  when services go out, does the internet light on the router change color? 
are all your services cutting out?
what did we do to make you feel this way and how can we fix things between us? 
in what area are you located? all of your services are down at this time?
which app are you referring too? 
i still think you look great!
i'm so sorry about that. please tell us more so we can help: 
hopefully we'll get there at some point!
guac on! i'm happy it was such a great experience.
it's because you're smart.
that's incredibly concerning. please tell us more here: 
nope! still just the $3.
just stop by in costume  3pm-close. official rules: 
i mean, boorito is basically the adult version of halloween...
i'm so glad we could help. who did you work with? i'd like to share the praise.
all of our u.s. locations are participating!
my apologies for that. just sent you a dm to help.
give it a try.
that's the best kind of trick-or-treating. all treats, my friend.
that's incredibly concerning. please provide more details so we can investigate: 
bummer. i'm so sorry. how far away is the closest location?
you won't be alone  we'll be there with you. also, i want that llama onesie.
i love it! thanks so much for stopping by.
there is no info to share at the moment. feel free to keep an eye on the ps blog for news and updates: 
 glad to know that is downloading, please feel free to contact us if you have further concerns.
sorry for the inconvenience. do you see the data corrupted message when you try to open the game or download it?
 glad to help.  please share the details of this issue in our community forum for further investigation: 
glad you had fun, sarah! we heard count collin can really suck the life out of the party  . . . :p
we've let our team know we can do better, joel. thanks for sharing :)
we're only obligated to provide bags for un-packaged meat. as ours is prepackaged, a charge will be applied
as our packaging is sufficient, any extra wrappings or bags does require an extra 5p charge as per legislation. thanks
love the aesthetic of your colin the 'creeperpillar' and someday....  
hello, josh! to get better assistance and support, we suggest that you post a tweet or dm our friends from @xboxsupport.
help is here. to assist you in recovering your account we recommend that you contact our answer desk team: 
it appears this has been removed. thanks for letting me know :) 
 no problem, let us know if you come across any other issues or questions in the future. we are happy to help. 
 hello there. sorry for the late response. i am just checking if you still in need assistance. please let me know. 
yes you can pre order the game on the console store. for more information please contact your console store. 
good afternoon william, unfortunately this app is no longer supported. sincerest apologies. 
good afternoon jayden, sadly we don't have information on that. sincerest apologies. 
this is awesome! thank you so much for the support! love the costumes! 
hey there! you can check out this link for more information in regards to this gamestop give you a code with your pre order down payment that you needed to redeem? 
have you redeemed that on your 
hello there, i apologize for the delay. can you clarify where you pre-ordered the game? please be sure you keep us updated. 
can you please give me your gamertag / platform you're playing on so i can pull up your account information. 
unfortunately we don't have any information on this. please stay tuned for more updates. 
sorry that this isn't more simple... let us know if the steps in the video work out or if you need further help 
would you please dm the adobe product &amp; your purchase details that you have so that we can ask our experts to follow up.  
hi jason, could you please try resetting the preferences of photoshop &amp; let us know if it helps with the issue 
hi jason, please let us know if there is anything we can do to help. thanks!  
hi jeffrey, were you able to update to lightroom classic cc?   
have you tried signing out/back in or reinstalling the cc desktop app? 
thanks for confirming. we're looping in an expert who can help you out here. they will reply as soon as they're available. 
sorry for this. let me request the expert to look into this asap as he is in office. 
hi jeffrey, we wanted to check if you had managed to install lightroom classic cc. please let us know if you need further assistance.  
jeffrey did you use the process listed in 
jeffrey i am sorry to hear that. if you face future errors please review the installation logs. 
hi there, i am looping our expert team to help answer your question. thanks! 
fire tv stick
hi, you can change your microsoft account email through the steps here: 
hi there, lightroom 7.0.1 update was launched recently, please update the app to the latest version.  
hi there, please dm us you adobe id so that we may have a quick look at your account details.    
hi there, you may suggest it as a feature request at: 
thanks for sharing the file, we'll get back to you with updates as we investigate. 
unfortunately, we are not able to reproduce it at our end. i'll still be checking with the development team to find out more on this.  
sorry for the inconvenience. i am able to export svg in ai cc 2018. would you mind sharing your workflow, sample file/screenshot? 
hi duncan, please update lightroom to 6.13 from the following link: 
hi lauren, can you try changing your forum screen name at 
hi jake, any screenshots you can share? what are you export settings? is this happening on all files with links? 
hi jack, is there any way you could send me a file to try exporting on my end to try and replicate?  
hi jack, we're looping the expert back into this conversation. thanks! 
thank you for that. we have responded to your dm with more information.
hi there, we would like to help. please dm us your account's email and reservation code so we can further assist. thank you.
we are sorry to hear this. please dm your email address and reservation code so we can look into this for you. thank you.
hi there! we'd recommend reaching out to the chat team here: 
we'd recommend keeping an eye out on your email that is associated with your account for further info.  
did you pre-order this console via the microsoft store? if so, then let's have you reach out here: 
hello! would you mind following us and sending a dm with your gamertag and the code you redeemed?  
can you show us what is appearing on your screen? 
hi. emergency services are dealing with an incident, info here: 
hi loreen,kindly dm us your booking number and attach guest passport copy, we'll fix it for you, see you there!- anwar
hi loreen,correction done! :) see you on board! cheers!- anwar
hi loreen, you may check the passenger's date of birth via airasia member account under manage booking. thanks-sha
as you may check it under manage my booking online or during web check in. date of birth will be shown accordingly.- ed
hi loreen :) kindly dm us the booking number that you wish to do change flight for us to assist you further-thanks-anwar
sorry as we checked booking has already expired due to no payment made. kindly please proceed with new booking
hi emma, could you please follow us so we can dm you again with the email reply sent to you  =) yana
hi emma, we have replied to you via dm. please check again, thank you- mariya
we have replied to you via dm. check it out =) yana
 notified if there should be any changes-yana
we are terribly sorry but we could not offer any options since all the flight are operating as per normal.passengers will be
hi looreen :) kindly dm us the booking number and attach guest passport copy, we'll fix it for you, see you there!
please don't tell me carol!! i can't wait to go home &amp; find out!!
somebody else has told me!! i'm gutted :(
don't you worry carol, my lips are shut!!
hi there, sorry about that. please dm me when you visited the store and i'll look into this. thanks
so sorry! could you send me what store this is in so we can get this to the right people?
i can see you've sent the store, leave it with us and we'll get this sorted :)
 store you bought it from, along with your address and more card number and i'll get this sorted for you. thanks
hi emma, sorry about that. if a product is reduced then the previous offer isn't applied. please dm me the barcode and the
you're welcome, william. give us a shout if you need assistance with anything else. good luck with the nrc app.
while the coach plans can be weeks in time. it's up to you to decide what fits you best. ()
we got this. both are beneficial to starting the nrc app. the audio guided runs are one time runs. ()
what exactly is the issue you are having?
apologies for all of the issues. if you have time to chat securely with me, i would be happy to review. 
great. please go to 
i am so sorry to hear that. which u.s. based card do you have? pls do not share any personal info.
hi there, i am so sorry to her that. what exactly is the issue you are having?
its getting all sorts of saucy over here this #halloween. #trickortweet 
so whatll it be this #halloween: a trick or a treat? let us know below. #trickortweet 
our hearts beating faster over here, and its not from all the scares. #trickortweet 
chocolate chip cookies + mcflurry = everything youve ever been missing. #trickortweet 
hi you receiving an error message when trying to link the account?
hi there, thanks for reaching out. please send us a dm so we can continue our conversation. 
please let us know how we can help and dm your tracking # using this link.  
i'm sorry to hear that. let us know what happened and if you have a tracking # please send that too.  
glad to check. pls, dm your confirmation number for assistance.   
don't forget sunday is bring your grandma to mcdonald's day. see you then!
i'm sorry we've let you down! without providing any personal information, will you describe the issue? we'd love to help. 
we'd like to take a further look into this with you! please reach us by phone or chat here: 
i am unable to affect your account via twitter. for real time support, phone or chat use this link: 
hi, wir erhalten die filme/serien so vom jeweiligen studio. gebe ich aber direkt als feedback dorthin weiter. gru 
wir haben zu danken. schnen abend noch. 
i'm sorry for the wait. you'll receive an email as soon as we have an estimated delivery date. 
thanks for your patience. 
i'm sorry your order arrived in this condition! please reach out to us for available options: 
i'm sorry for the wait. please reach out to us so we can take a closer look at this delivery: 
alexa says both styles are working for you! my vote goes to the flamingo look! 
were you able to reach us at the link dw provided? 
the echo show is supported, please reach us for some live troubleshooting at your convenience: 
oh no, i'm sorry for the issues! for troubleshooting, please check out our echo help pages here: 
i'm so sorry you didn't receive your parcel! we'd like a chance to look into this with you here: 
you can also request a call back here martin 
thanks for bringing this to our attention! please also leave packing feedback here: 
oh no! we want to hear more about your experience with amzl. please provide your feedback here: 
is there a current order you're having difficulties with? please let us know, we'd like to help! 
provide your details here: 
let us know if theres anything else we can do for you! we're happy to help out any way we can! 
i'm sorry your book arrived this way! you can find replacement/refund options here: 
que lindoooooooooo!   
oh no! please contact us via phone/chat here: 
we're unable to view order details via twitter. 
you're not lion! she even shows witch way is up! that's quite the wardrobe! 
oh my! i'm sorry for the troubles! contact us by phone or chat: 
that's okay! thanks for checking! please contact us by phone or chat and we can look into this: 
i'm sorry for the trouble this has caused you; please contact us so we may lend you a hand: 
please share your details here:
thanks for confirming that the details have been shared. our team will give it a look and reach out shortly. 
please report this to our support team here: 
we still offer discounts on eligible physical game pre-orders. for further details on prime benefits: 
i'm sorry we let you down! we'd like to make sure this is addressed. please provide some details here: 
we're here for you. which version of the ios are you running? check from settings &gt; general &gt; about.
lets take a closer look into this issue. select the following link to join us in a dm and we'll go from there. 
let's go to dm for the next steps. dm us here: 
any steps tried since it started last night?
that's great it has ios 11.1 as we can rule out being outdated. any steps tried since this started? do you recall when it started?
we'd like to look into this with you. which model do you have and is ios 11.1 installed? any steps tried so far?
hey, let's work together to figure out what's going on. meet us in dm and we'll continue from there. 
we'd like to investigate further with you. send us a dm and we can troubleshoot more from there. 
fill us in on what is happening, then we can help out from there.
we've received your dm and will continue there.
what's going on? we're hapy to help if we can. 
reach out to us via dm, and we can take a look at this with you. 
you're in the right place; we'll do all we can to help. to start, let us know what ios version is installed via dm: 
go ahead and send us a dm please. let us know the country you're in.
we'd like to help, but we'll need more details. what's happening on your device and which model is it? do you have ios 11.1?
to make sure, is ios 11.1 installed on it currently? also, any steps tried so far? dm us here: 
thanks! which ios version is currently showing in settings &gt; general &gt; about?
let's check settings &gt; general &gt; software update. ios 11.1 was released earlier today. if you see it, please backup &amp; update.
our pleasure. if you're still having issues after a back up and update, contact us back. we're happy to help.
hi there! what type of device are we working with?
we offer support via twitter in english. get help in spanish here: 
we want to help! dm us and let us know more about the issues you are having. 
we'd like to get you speaking to our experts here: 
we've just released ios 11.1. we suggest backing up &amp; updating. then, test the issue again. here's how: 
let us help with your home button. did this issue start right after ios 11? which version of ios 11 are you running?
we're here to help. meet us in dm and we can check on available options. 
dm us the specific ios version you are running currently and we'll continue there. 
just to confirm, this is only happening with spotify, correct?
thanks for reaching out to us. are you experiencing the missing app after restating your device?
we want to help you get your battery life back on track. please dm and we'll look at it together. 
happy to follow up! contact us via 
we apologize for the trouble! send us a dm with your email address and we'll connect.
we're here to help! send us a note here, 
were here to help, travis! send us a note via 
for more info about ubereats availability click here; 
we have received your dm and will follow up with you there.
we're sorry to hear this was your experience. can you send us a dm with your email address so we can connect?
we're sorry to hear this was your experience, ray. please contact us via 
hi cade, thanks so much for sending that over. i have sent an email to the store manager to look into this for you. 
hi cade, what was my colleagues name? can you give a description? when were you in our store?
i'm sorry. the earlier flight may not have been available at the time of your scheduled change. 
my apologies. if that flight never showed up on your search, that would mean it was full.  
please share additional details about the nature of this technical issue.  
please do.   
i sincerely apologize, our it team is diligently working on it, we should have it up and working very soon.  
oh, no! please speak to a member of the flt crew for immediate assistance. 
hello, richard! please dm your confirmation# and i will try to assist. 
hi, richard. can you pls dm your confirmation number so i may look into this matter for you? thanks!  
hi richard, i apologize for the delayed response time. please dm your conf # so i can review your trip details.  ... 
we sincerely apologize for your disappointment. we always strive to create a positive customer experience. 
hi caesar, can you dm your confirmation # to the link provided? i will be glad to look into this for you.    
i would be glad to look into this for you.  
thanks for your patience. 
thank you for being the most important part of delta.  
i am including a link of our commitment to our customers, please let us know if we can be of further assistance.  
it can be difficult to assign the same seating because the aircraft configuration may be different.  
...possible.  
unfortunately, we are not able to guarantee seats nor flight schedules.  
hi caesar, i thank you for your patience. i had an opportunity to read the thread. 
please remember that help is just a tweet away. have a wonderful evening.  
...guaranteed. it was changed because operational needs required such.   
you're receiving the same answers because the information that's being relayed is the same.  
...thank you for tweeting us tonight, caesar.  
i regret that you aren't happy with the information given and apologize for not being able to address your concerns via this channel.... 
i assure you, i'm areal person, caesar.  
...to shift. because of such, though we try our best to honor seat requests, do note's just that, a request and is not... 
i understand your frustration and apologize again for your experience. as previously explained, schedule changes occur causing seats... 
thank you for being the most important part of delta.  
may i have your ticket number, please? unfortunately, the confirmation provide is no longer active.  
good evening, caesar!  
i would like to sincerely apologize for the stress, frustration, and the inconvenience that you endured due to an equipment change.  
in the event of an equipment change, we put forth our best efforts to seat everyone together as they were, but sometimes that is not... 
hmm. can you try restarting your device by holding the sleep/wake + volume down buttons for 10 seconds? keep us posted /ls
could you send us a dm with your account's email address? we'll take a look backstage /ch 
thanks. just to be sure, are you free or premium? also, can you give us more info on what happens when you try using it? /cb
hey! what device, operating system, and spotify version are you using? we'll see what we can suggest /cb
got it. it's not possible at the moment, but we'll pass on the the suggestion. could you try reinstalling the app? /pb
sorry to hear that. the spotify app on windows phone is currently in maintenance mode. more info here: 
hey there! that doesn't sound good. what's happening exactly? can you let us know the app version you're using? /pb
no worries. if you have other questions, just give us a shout  /gs
hey mikey! we're afraid there's no way to filter or search that way, but we'll pass that suggestion on to the relevant folks /gs
caused. we're unable to offer a complimentary upgrade, however we can quote an upgrade if you would like us to?  
please can you dm us your booking reference, email address and contact number? we can then look into this for you. thanks. 
email address and contact telephone number. we'll look into your complaint and contact you for an update . 
email address and contact telephone number. we apologise for the delay in our response . 
us your booking ref, email address and contact number.  
get the payday party started with 40 european destinations for 40 each-way or less
hi sam, that is the correct email. 
hi sreejit, we have no info about this as yet. please keep an eye online as this will be updated as soon as we know. 
thanks sreejit, we would recommend checking on manage my booking for any updates. 
hi david, confirmation emails can take up to 24 hrs. have you been waiting longer than this? 
hi david, could you let us know the flights you've booked and dates of travel, along with your full name and contact number. thanks. 
we'll check this for you, david. can you provide us with the booking reference for the confirmation you have? please send this via dm. 
i definitely want to make sure your charges are correct. please dm me your address and phone# so i can better assist.
address, and phone number so i can assist further with this issue. thanks!
hi, i'll be happy to look into the text you received and see what i can do to help. please send a dm with your full name,
hello, have you checked your scheduled menu? you may have a series recording scheduled.
if you set a recording for a sports team it will try to record it on any available network.
we can certainly share your feedback moving forward as we're always looking to improve the customer experience.
and send us a direct message with your account information so that i can see what's going on. xg
we'll be sure to pass along your kind words! #aateam
our apologies for the delay in responding to you. have you made it to lax? let us know if you still need assistance.
aww, that's definitely a future pilot in the making! #happyhalloween
this is a great option for customers who want to share miles and it's cheaper than having to purchase them.
we're sorry for your frustration.
it's always a pleasure to have you on board, john. have a wonderful flight over the pond!
pilots, potter, pumpkins and skeletons...oh my! they're all adorable.
we're glad you got to kick back and enjoy a show while flying! thanks for your kind words.
hey, trevor! send us a dm, and we'll take a closer look! 
thanks for getting that dm sent over've got it and am replying now. 
yay for t-mobile tuesdays- lets's get you taken care of! send a dm my way: 
well, we'd be happy to take a look at that and see what's going on, jenny. dm us, we're here to keep you connected. 
hey we are here and we want to help! if you have any questions feel free to shoot us a dm! 
can i have you dm me at: 
we want to help you with this great #tmobiletuesday deal! shoot me a dm here 
you are welcome and thanks for letting us know. if you need anything else we are here for you. #happytmobiletuesday 
we want this to work perfectly! do you have at least 10 photos selected? if not, add another and try. dm w/ any questions! 
if you're unhappy with your experience on this call please contact us on our website: 
you'd need to contact our aftersales team on 0344 556 5650 from 8am 
when amending a ticket the system would show a fare that matches your previous purchase, but this may be higher 
yes it does. you need to select the return journey then in the ticket flexibility menu you can select open return 
not at this stage sadly, but the some lines will reopen shortly so services will be on the move 
#vtnew due to the emergency services dealing with an incident at preston all lines are closed.
we don't have that information here i'm afraid andy 
these delays are out of our control, but we do work with network rail to try and reduce any problems 
i understand the frustration this causes, andy 
sadly the service has been delayed due to a fault on the line 
hi andy, really sorry to hear this. which service are you travelling on please? 
some lines will be reopening shortly so you'll get through but delays are expected 
we're truly sorry to hear that. please pm us more info so we can followup with you. 
happy hallown! bottoms up, risa! 
we aim to please, eric! your love means the world to us, and we can't wait to share the skies with you again soon! 
please dm us a picture of the error you're receiving. 
oh good! happy to hear that, jenessa. we hope to see you onboard soon! 
hm, we haven't had any reported errors lately. have you tried accessing your rr account via a different browser? 
hi simon! im sorry to hear this! sounds like your account may have been compromised. i strongly advise you to contact our security teams &gt; 
thanks for the update simon! please let us know if theres anything we can help you with! have a great day! 
we love to give out free boos so much, we're basically ghosts! happy hallown and bottoms up! 
that's music to our ears! they call us southbest for a reason. 
we've got the date circled on our calendar! counting down the minutes until we can welcome you onboard. 
we hope to see you onboard soon! 
we're a customer service company that just happens to also fly airplanes, heather. thanks for sharing the love! 
just 'cause you're not traveling with us doesn't mean we can't be there for you heather! glad we could help, and have a great weekend! 
happy to take a look into this, christine. please dm us your confirmation number so we can follow up. 
hallown for the win! we sure enjoyed spending this spooky day with you, abbye. 
hi. sorry to hear the buyers have not followed through. did you open an unpaid item claim? you can set buyer requirements which will block buyers who have strikes against them which will reduce this from happening. see here&gt; 
hi there. sorry to hear the item has not arrived. is there tracking for the item? if not, i'd advise opening an item not received claim. you can learn more about that here&gt; 
as the seller is responsible for the courier, they can claim for lost items from the courier. you still have to open a claim through ebay to be protected. please follow the previous steps. we cant outbound dm. you can dm us if you have any other questions. 
you're more than welcome. any other questions, please dont hesitate to ask. thanks 
just responded a moment ago for your patience! 
oh no! any aspect about navigation that you find difficult? for now, the following guide may help: 
apologies for the difficulties! that was definitely not our intention. we'll absolutely pass on your feedback to our developers.
sorry for the delay and trouble, melanie! so we can get our team on this with you, please call using: 
if browsing from home, press the option for more details &gt; go to the show page &gt; use the episodes tab to browse/pick an ep.
we're sorry to hear this, heather! anything in particular about the new app that you find frustrating? we're here to help.
we'd hate to see you go! hdmi mirroring isn't supported at this time, but we'll be sure to share the interest in this w/our team
we can't make any promises about hdmi streaming, but rest assured that we care about your concerns and have shared the feedback.
you'll be glad to know that if you have a spotify student account, you can get hulu for free! 
hi there. buses depart from the northern interchange at reading. phil.
head to the multi-storey car park, outside you will see a sign for rail replacement. phil.
this is really concerning to us and we would love to help. can you let us know what issues you are having with your connection. kb
hi there! service issues huh? let us take a look into this for you. shoot us a dm to assist further.
just click message at the top of your profile. we're always here and eager to assist.
do you have a good contact number where you can be reached?
do you have a good contact number where you can be reached? please send through the private link.
get started here: 
hello please go to the link i will need additional information to work on getting phones unlocked.
hey we would love to further educate you on our amazing sprint flex lease option. send us a dm lets chat.
hey tayler, having service issues? shoot us a dm for further assistance!
i can look into that for you. can you please send me your account or phone number directly in a private message? 
i apologize. we're now following you. 
ok. please send a dm regarding this matter when you can. 
my apologies for any issues you're currently having. i'd be happy to help anyway we can. please dm your service p... 
i apologize. the number provided is not bringing up an account. can you dm me your full address, please?
...products. by 2020, we'll make sure that our own packaging has been reduced by half compared to 2005. reid 
true story! thanks for stopping by  enjoy that burrito.
you look wonderful! thanks for stopping by.
that doesn't look right. please tell us more: 
the absolute best. what are you going to order?
delish! well played.
shout out to you for stopping by!
nothing but love for you, my friend.
creeeeepy. thanks for stopping by!
we've turned it off since it's our annual boorito promo, but it'll be back on tomorrow.
my food just ghosted spooky. 
we dig it! thanks for stopping by. happy halloween!
it was my favorite, too. my apologies for any frustration.
of course, my friend.
yes! i love it. and shawn's cards are the best.
same! what's your go-to order?
best day of the year!
thanks for stopping by! that's a great looking duo right there.
that doesn't sound right. please tell us more here: 
we shut it off for our boorito promotion, but it'll be back on tomorrow. my apologies for any frustration.
if it fits comfortably inside your meal, it'll be $3.
if all goes to plan, we should be open on friday!
yeah, buddy! send us a pic, for sure.
from what i see, we're good to go.
oh noooo! why not this year?
sad, indeed. i still think you should come in!
that shouldn't be happening. please tell us more here: 
see i think that means your family loves you.
that sounds so epic.
nicely done! your makeup is on point, my friend.
thanks for the shout out, and thanks for stopping by!
that's definitely unboolievable. please tell us more so we can help: 
we appreciate you coming back!
as long as it fits comfortably inside your meal, it's $3.
does this bill say final bill?
can you please follow and dm us. 
we'll refer this to our wireless colleagues since we handle fios and dsl accounts. they will be in touch. 
we can help right here. follow and dm us.
hello! thank you for reaching out to us. send us a dm for further assistance. 
glad we could help you out! :d 
hi there! please send me a dm! 
i've just responded to your dm, please check your inbox at your earliest convenience. thank you for your patience! 
hi there, we've replied to your dm! 
i am sorry to hear about this trouble you are running into. please send me a dm and i can help you further. 
sadly we cannot close this account until you are 18, but we can close this account once you are 18 and you can op... 
sorry for the confusion. please dm me and i can help you. 
i am sorry to hear about this trouble with accessing your account. please send me a dm and i can help you further. 
glad to help! we have sent you a dm looking forward help you?
hi there, sorry to hear that, are you getting an error message or an error code, let us know more details please?
glad to hear that, feel free to message us again here if you need help.
lamentamos el inconveniente. por favor siguenos en twitter para brindarte asistencia por mensajes directos.
very odd. please turn off the console and disconnect all the cables from it for 3 minutes, then try again.
glad to help! we have sent you a direct message via twitter with further instructions.
hi there, have you tried accessing this content from your download queue: 
let us know the results.
please check your dm's for more instructions.
sorry to hear that! for billing issues, please follow the steps in the next link: 
hi there! for assistance please follow us and send us a direct message, we look forward to your reply.
glad to help!  please follow us via twitter and let us know so we can send you a direct message with further instructions.
sorry to read that. please check your dms for assistance.
to better assist you, click on the option below and reply. thanks!   
hey jacob, i'm here to help! let's run print and scan doctor: 
below and reply. thanks!   
fill the web form using this link to reach them- 
hey daniel, i'm here to help! if you wish to speak to someone then you need to contact hp phone support. ...
 to the merchant's site to make the purchase. 
 hello, in order to get the cash back, you'll need to click the link from the ultimate rewards website. you'll be routed
we appreciate the kind words. if you have questions or concerns, please let us know. we're here to help. 
id like to review this further for you. could you please dm your name &amp; zip code?  
we're glad we were able to help! 
aw! it's our pleasure to help. let us know if we can be of additional assistance. 
we would be happy to look into this for you. could you dm your name and zip code?  
hello, this does not sound good.  can you dm the account name and complete service address? we would like to help.
hi  f1snsn , please dm account info including street address so we can look into this. 
i don't want you to feel this way. what's going on?
hello, this does not sound good.  can you dm the account name and complete service address? we would like to help.
hi jean-claude, i hope you do not have any service interruptions. if you need assistance, reach out to us.
hi, the outage is still open in your area and working to get it restored as quickly as possible. thanks for your patience.
okay great! if you have any further concerns please reach out to us.
have you asked the seller yet where it is? see 
the seller should have delivered it by then, but as you don't have it just see 
the contract is between you and the seller! they shipped it, but we protect you if you didn't get it if you open a case. 
did you view our link? we can give a refund if you don't get it! just look at our guarantee for steps on activating it. 
if you still can't see this, please dm us your full name, zip code &amp; item number &amp; we'll advise on this date for you. 
thank you for your reply. the estimate delivery date for this order will be available to view in your purchase history.
you can always open a claim 
well i would be more than happy to take a look at that claim for you. could you dm us with more details please? 
hey james you send us a dm with all the information so we can look into that for you? 
on a desktop go to item page (view item) &gt; manage offers &gt; change offer settings. you can get that going here. 
this is to help sell your items. be sure to set up automatic decline in your settings so you don't have to see low offers. 
...cancel dropbox business. hope this helps take care of things for you.  
hey justin, apologies for the delay, are you still unable to access the ebook? 
we understand, and weve added your comments to your suggestion. cheers!
hi there, currently it isnt possible to hide the suggestion list, however we can certainly forward this request to our dev team!
hey james, when did you fly? 
sorry to hear this process was so frustrating. 
have you spoken to our team on the phone about this? what were you advised? 
you can send us a message by clicking the link below.  
hello, we'd like to know more about your twitter post. please send us additional details about your concerns. thank you. 
thank you for taking the time to speak with us today. we appreciate the opportunity to help. 
thank you for your patience. we'll call you shortly. 
i made another try to call you and reached your voice-mail. please return my call at the # given if you still need help. 
were here from 8:00 am-9:00 pm et monday-friday and 11:00 am-8:00pm et saturday. when is the best time to reach you? 
i am sorry i missed your call. please let me know when you are able to talk about your information. 
i called and left a message for you. please return my call at the number provided or dm me when you are available.  
i'm sorry to see this and want to see how i can help. i will give you a call at the number you previously sent. 
hello, do you have any account related concerns that we can help with? our social care team is here if you need us. thanks. 
hi, can you direct message us and explain what issue you need assistance with? 
hello! most of the time connecting via ethernet can help, or restarting the console, router, and download. 
canceling the download, powering down the console, unplugging for five full minutes (this clears the cache), and try again. 
to express your interest in seeing those games added to back compat!  2 
thanks for reaching out! casting your votes on 
hey there! we'd like to dm so we can collect more info, let us know when you're following us? 
we'd be happy to help, but we could use more info. could you follow &amp; dm with your gamertag &amp; some details? 
you would need to have an active game pass subscription during the promo period to qualify: 
hi! we're an english support team, if that's ok, we're happy to help! or our chat team can help: 
hello, thanks for reaching out to us. can you dm us your gamertag and details of what you're seeing? 
hi firdaus, we has respond you via dm,see you there!
can you post this question to our forum here: 
are these the steps you followed: 
sorry to hear your having trouble. could you direct message us with the steps you are following? 
excellent! let us know if you run into any trouble. we're here to help! 
hello! we have some documentation that may help: 
happy to hear our hardworking team took such good care of you. thank you for choosing to fly with us.
that's great to hear! thanks for being such an awesome guest with us!
i'm sorry to hear this. please could you send a dm with your order number so i can look into this for you?
hey there! dm us the email on your account, please. we can help!
so sorry for the trouble! please dm us your account email so we can look into this.
hi wendss, sorry to hear this! please dm me which store you use and i'll look into this :)
hi there, sorry to hear this :( i'll be sure to pass on your feedback :)
our apologies for any inconvenience. dm us with more details &amp; store location. 
that looks a little melted. dm us with more details for us to help. 
great suggestion! we have shared your comments with our marketing team for review. thanks for tweeting us.
yes, we have chat. live chat is available on the help page monday through friday from 5am arizona time in the us.
 here is an article that explains why that happens: 
you're most welcome. :) 
thanks. it looks like that domain isn't registered with us, though. do you have any domains with godaddy? 
hi, that's not something we do. if your domain is public, spammers have access to your contact info. what's the domain? 
ok i do see you registered without privacy. that means your information is public in the whois database. 
 be transparent about the fix. you can still turn it back on. 
i'm sorry you feel that way. it was a mistake that it wasn't setup automatically. a lot of people count on it. we emailed to 
i apologize for the poor experience you've had with us. if there is anything that i can help you with, please dm me.
please let us know if you have any questions, just dm us your account number and any questions you may have.
i apologize for the poor experience you've had with us. if there is anything that i can help you with, please dm me.
hello venessa, i would be more than happy to assist you. please send me a dm.
hi there! this would be a question for your local store. thanks for your time! 
we hate to hear this. can you dm us what happened?
we're so sorry your order is running late! please dm us your contact info and store address. thanks!
please dm us your tracking and contact number via the link so we can look into this for you.  
is there something that we can assist you with? dm our team  
hey georgia! sorry you haven't received your package. we'd love to help! what does the current tracking say on your order? 
i'm sorry for the delay! we'd like to take a further look into this with you! please reach us here: 
canceling your prime membership can be done here:
hey corey! even on the new account you made you can turn of the auto renew through the same link  posted for you. 
it would be best if you get in touch with us by phone or  this link to do so:  
i'm sorry to hear you're not able to access your account. please use this link instead to contact us: 
hmm... we'd like to take a better look at this with you. please reach us via phone/chat here: 
i'm sorry you've encountered an unknown charge! we'd be happy to look into this with you here: 
thanks for reaching out to us! you can find info on adding household members here: 
sorry for the inconvenience! check out how to manage your notifications here: 
i'm sorry for the long wait; what is your current order status showing when you review it: 
thank you for keeping us posted, rachael! 
i'm sorry for the frustration, anthony! can you tell me more about which pre-order bonuses are missing? 
we'd like to see what we can do to help. what date did you place the order on, and which version did you order? 
could you link us to the page of the item on our website? this will allow us to take a closer look at all options. 
thanks for the link. we are not a participating retailer to receive the bonus content. details: 
oh no! i'm so sorry to hear this. was the item sold by amazon directly or third-party seller: 
we'd like to look into this with you in real time, bry. when you can, please ring or chat in with us: 
oh no, barton! have you tried uninstalling and re-installing the app? perhaps a power cycle too? please let us know. 
sorry you're still having trouble! what error are you seeing when you try to use the app? 
oh no! we'd like to help you with this, kelly! can you tell us more about what's happening with the kindle? thanks!  
no problem! you may need to deregister the kindle from the old account. you can see how here: 
() also, for your security, i'd recommend deleting the image, as it contains your tracking number. 
i'm so sorry! we'd like to make sure this is addressed. please provide some details here: 
i'm sorry you received an incorrect item. have you checked out our return/replacement options here: 
we'd like to look into this with you. please dm us your current ios version and your iphone model. 
let's dig into this further with you. dm us and we'll continue there.
we definitely understand your concern. please backup your iphone, update and let us know the result: 
we're here to help. which exact ios version is your device running? this info can be found under settings &gt; general &gt; about.
this article should help with that: 
try contacting our itunes store team here for more help: 
thanks for clarifying. let's meet in dm so we can do more in-depth on this. 
we're happy to help. has home sharing worked with these devices before?
which model do you have and is ios 11.1 installed on it? any steps tried so far?
to make sure, is ios 11.1 showing here: settings &gt; general &gt; about &gt; version? please dm us the answer here: 
we'll make sure to get this straightened out. dm us, and we'll see you there. 
we want you to be able to make calls on the iphone. what exactly is going on with the phone app?
let us look into that. what device and os version are you using?
 we want to help.  send us a dm letting us know if you are updated to ios 11.1 
we offer support via twitter in english. contact us for help in your preferred language here: 
glad to hear and just reach out again if you need help. have a good one!
please keep us posted afterwards.
apps are important and we want you to get back to enjoying them. which model do you have? is ios 11.1 installed on it?
here to help! send us a note via 
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
we have followed up via dm.
here to help! send us a note via 
here to help! send us a note via 
we're currently reviewing your email and will be in touch shortly. we appreciate your patience!
we're sorry to hear this was your experience. send us a note via 
please dm us with your account email address and phone number so we can look into this. 
sorry to hear this was your experience! please send us a note at 
hi there, i've replied to your dm about this. apologies
hi james, would you be able to let me know how many bottles of lemonade were in stock at the time you were there? thanks
finally could you please send me the bottom most row of digits from your receipt. 
hi rhys, thanks for letting us know. i've log this feed back anonymously. thanks, james.
hi rhys, i'm really sorry you've not had a stellar time with our mor range, i'd like to get an internal log of this 
the most appropriate action to take, is to ensure this is addressed with the colleague concerned. ty 
i am sorry to hear that polly, however we would not offer a gesture for complaints of this nature. ty
are you able to send us your name, address &amp; email by dm please &amp; we will get back to you shortly 
hi polly, thank you for getting back to us, i have to be honest, giving a gesture is not going to resolve the issues. 
thank you. please reach out to the flight attendants for assistance.  
oh! thanks for noticing!  
great! please let us know if we can assist.  
i am showing dl 1262 is from las jfk?  
oh ok.  thanks for checking with us and we are here for you.  
please follow this link for your request. thank you.  
hey there, unfortunately, we are not able to assist with this request.  
so sorry to disappoint. :-( 
enjoy, have a great week.  
oh no! one moment as i take a look.  
hi, jenna. i apologize for your seating issue. pls dm your conf # if i may assist, 
we appreciate your feedback, jenna and thank you for sharing your concerns.  
please use the link to provide your confirmation #.  
id be delighted to assist. please follow and dm your confirmation number.   
here to help! please dm (direct message) us your email address so we can follow up. thanks!
got it! could you try streaming one of our 15 stranger things playlists, then switch to the now playing screen? /kb
hmm, let's see. could you confirm the exact spotify version of your desktop app? /kb
thanks! it's not ideal, but a clean reinstall of the app should help out: 
hey jacklynn! the cavalry's here. could you tell us the device/os you're using? we'll see what we can suggest /kb
hi liam! could you let us know the tracks/albums you're looking for? we'll take a look /rh
2: spotify content here: 
1: thanks! looks like those albums are currently unavailable. fingers crossed we'll be able to have them soon, but there's info about...
accept our apologies. we need to be fair to everyone who has unfortunately, also been disrupted . 
ask if you wish for any help or questions. we're here  and will respond as quickly as we can . 
hi stephen, follow and dm us more info along with your mum's contact details. 
is your mother able to contact us directly?  
we're disappointed to hear this stephen. is there something you would like our assistance with? 
hello, i'm sorry to see that you fee this way and i'm happy to help! can you please dm the full address? ~at
hello, i will be happy to help you. please dm so we can further assist you, thank you.
my apologies about that, please send us a direct message  so we can look into that for you.
hello, let me look into that for you. please dm your account information so we can research this further, thank you.
hello, thanks for reaching out about your new service concerns and i'm happy to help. can you please dm the full address? ~at
i promise we don't you to feel that way. please, dm me the information requested above so i can help you with this.-jc
hello there! i would like to take a look into your billing issues for you! can you please send a dm with your fir... 
and the phone number associated with your account so i can look into this issue further. thanks!
hi, i'll be happy to check on the status of your internet services. please send a dm with your full name, address,
we never want your experience to be anything less than perfect. we're sorry the wi-fi was slower than expected.
thanks for the shout-out and for stopping by, marc! we'll pass this on to our sfo admirals club managers.
we're sorry for any difficulties that you've experienced. please contact our web technical support folks at 800-222-2377.
they'll be more than happy to walk you through it and help with the booking process.
we're sorry for the long wait. the next available agent will be with you as soon as possible.
fares sell in real time. we're sorry we weren't able to snag the lower fare for you.
we're glad our reservations team was able to help.
we're sorry for your frustration. any damage must be assessed in person within 24 hours of arrival by airport personnel.
an airport agent will be happy to take a look at your bag to assist with a claim but damage must be assessed in person.
our team will need to assess the damage in person, please see an agent for assistance.
we always want to take care of your bags. we're you able to file a claim with our baggage team?
we're happy when you're happy! that sure does look delicious.
:o creepy! happy halloween! 
no worries at all! i'll be able to help out 100%! shoot me a dm, and i'll dive right in! 
we don't want things to come to that point, please dm if there's anything we can help with. 
i've got your dm and will reply shortly. welcome back! 
please meet me back in dm, we'll discuss this further. 
thank you so much for the dm. we'll be responding in kind shortly for you! 
we absolutely want you back and we will find a solution today. we see your dm, we will be responding 
i've sent you a dm with some information, let's get this fixed. 
we'd love to see you back on the uncarrier. dm us and we'll chat reunion options: 
hey, kashif! shoot me a dm here 
let's dig deeper! please dm so we can find out what's happening there. 
we love your contest entrees!  #happyhalloween 
happy the team could help  
we aim to make travel easy as possible and we appreciate the shoutout, daniel! we can't wait to see you at 35k again soon. 
you can check out what's available here: 
hey, jennifer. you have two travel funds, correct? unfortunately, we don't track travel funds. do you possibly have the emails? 
we understand and hope you can snag a great deal soon! 
the sky is the limit, kelli! we hope to be the first to welcome you onboard. check out all the places to go: 
two free bags for every story. book a seat and start yours. #175stories 
what a relaxing view, susan! thanks for sharing the great shot and we hope you enjoy the ride with us today. 
halloween is a big deal here at southwest and we love being a part of the festivities. we're glad to hear you had fun with us today! 
maybe next year? we can't wait to welcome you onboard, matthew! we hope you have a wonderful flight. 
i can't make any promises, but if you ask nicely maybe a flight attendant will put your drink on our tab! 
oh no! does the error pop up at app launch or playback? what device is in use? for now, please try: 
please try uninstalling/reinstalling our iphone app. if no change, contact us via phone/chat here: 
still having trouble? which device are you using? what error are you seeing? we want to help! 1st try: 
we do currently offer a 4 networks in many areas, but this will vary by zip. we can share the interest in the durham-area.
happy to further assist you. can you please send us a dm with your email address and additional details so we can follow up?
hi, singh. please send us a dm with your account email address and phone number so we can locate your account. thanks for your patience.
yes dm please.
hello, do you have an order number we can check for you?
oh behalf of chipotle, thank you!
good afternoon. this is distressing. send me a dm so i can see what happened.
hey :)! let's look into this, dm us.
hey tiffany! i'd like to work with you on your issues. can you shoot us a dm for us to have a little chat? dc
this is concerning. what makes you feel this way? what seems to be the issue? we'll be happy to assist.
i do apologize that happened. i will be happy to help out and assist. do you mind talking to me through dm?
hello! thanks for your patience. please check your dm ( direct messages) for our reply.
i'm very sorry to hear that desiree. this is never a way we'd like to treat any of our valued customers. please l... 
my apologies for any frustrations or poor service youve experienced desiree. is there anything i may be able to help with?  .
we are sorry to hear about this experience. please dm us your phone number so we can look into this! 
hey there! we'd like to look into this. please dm us the phone number on your account so we can assist you further.
friday will be here before you know it.
thanks for stopping by!
that shouldn't be happening. which location did you visit? i'd like to follow up.
welcome to my life. what's your usual order?
mmmmm  well played.
what a great looking crew! we appreciate you coming in.
high five, my friend!
success! well played, my friend.
it's our annual boorito promotion, and we turn it off for the night. my apologies for any frustration.
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address and more details so we can follow up.
that's very troubling. please write to us so we can investigate: 
i'm right there with you. here's the full ingredient statement: 
and see  we think you're pretty great, too. thanks for stopping by!
we turned off online ordering tonight for our boorito promo. my apologies for any frustration.
well played, my friend.
and we love you right back!
your baby looks beautiful.
practice, my friend  it takes practice. i have faith in you!
we appreciate you stopping by!
truth. what's your go-to order?
mmmmm  nicely done.
those are the rules. i wouldn't risk it.
oh my goodness  i love it! nicely done.
we turned off online ordering tonight for our boorito promo. my apologies for any frustration.
thanks for stopping by!
i like your style, my friend.
we look forward to seeing you!
i'm so sorry about that. please tell us more here: 
did you come dressed in costume?
i'm so sorry about that. please provide more details here: 
that's incredibly concerning. please tell us more here: 
hopefully there will be more receipts to come.
i love it! thanks so much for stopping by.
put 0's in front of the number you have. 
please verify if this is referring your verizon account number and not your banking?
do you know where your ont is located? the backup battery system address.
press and hold the alarm silence / ont reboot button for 30 seconds.
reboot your router nd thn cable boxes and let us know if the issue clears please. 
is your router up and working?
click the link to get started.
we are here to help, is this happening on all your tv's or a specific one?
have you made any recent changes to your package? 
are you back home now? if so, we would be glad to troubleshoot. feel free to return to our chat.
we understand.
hello there. we are unable to see the file you sent us, please provide us more details
thanks for the info. make sure your psn account has its own local user: 
please find more information in the following article: 
hi there! please power cycle your network devices and try again: 
you are welcome! feel free to contact us for assistance in the future.
hola ezequiel! por favor siguenos en twitter para poder brindarte asistencia por mensajes directos.
muchas gracias. por favor revisa tus mensajes directos.
hi there, please check your dm's for further instructions.
 por favor siguenos para poder enviarte ms instrucciones va mensaje directo.
revisa el siguiemte enlace para problemas al introducir la informacin de cobro: 
hola!podria decirnos si recibe un codigo de error o algun mensaje?
lemantamos el inconveniente. por favor revisa tus mensajes directos para asistencia.
hi there. you can create a new account but take in count that the content cannot be transferred from one account to another.
hi damian! there is no information to share at the moment, stay tuned to our blog for updates here: 
hey there, if you pre purchased the game via console store you should be good to go for launch. 
please wait until launch, make sure you are on the main account that purchased and owns the content. 
good afternoon, you'll receive the cod points in ww2 when cod points are made available. 
your cod points are saved to your cod wallet and will be accessible in all cod games that use these points. 
hi there, we do not have any information on this. 
hi there! please reach out to me at this link for assistance. thank you.  
we want to resolve this for you. we suggest you to get in touch with our answer desk team: 
just to clarify, have your tried following the troubleshooting methods provided by andre da costa on the link you provided?
hello! it's our utmost pleasure to help. the best way to avoid phone scam is in this link: 
let us guide you to report scams. on the link provided to you. kindly go to "how to report tech support scams".
can you try turning gpu performance off in your illustrator preferences? let us know if that solves the issue. 
hi there, it is relatively a new camera and is not supported in lightroom 6 as of now.   
hi there, this feature is not available as of now, please suggest a feature request at: 
thanks for the additional information. we're looking into this and will follow up with next steps to try asap 
hi paul, could you please import new images from sony a9 and then see if the previews still take time to generate.  
hi paul, are you facing issue after migrating the lr catalog to lightroom cc? or you have added new images?
oh no! it definitely shouldn't be slower- which os/version are you on? is this happening with all files? let us know so we can help 
hi patrick, no eta to be shared as of now, please suggest it as a feature request at: 
we would like to look into this for you. please dm your email address and the reservation code. we are standing by. thank you.
hi simon, i am sorry to hear this. as far as i can see this service to schedule. 
doors close 30 seconds before departure to ensure passenger safety. please see here for the recorded departure time for this service 
then we'd recommend reporting them directly via the console so that the enforcement team is aware.  
hi there! if an account is not following the code of conduct here: 
hi there! mind clarifying for us the make/model of the headset that you are using?  
gotcha, let's make sure that your controller is up to date 
hi. i can see one train 21 mins late but i currently have no delay info for this service i'm afraid.
hi ijan :) yes sure, we has respond you via dm, see you there!-anwar
hi bernio, was this purchased in store or home delivered?
you can take it back to store with proof of purchase and they will have a look at it for you. marc
hi jenni, this has 3 magic point locations that are activated by the figures.- laurence.
i'm afraid not, jenni, this set comes pre-determined -- mat
hi there. it weights just over 15kgs so can be carried. hope this helps!
you're welcome. have a good halloween!
hi tim, did you purchase this in store or was it for home delivery?
 alternatively if you would like to return the item to your local store, my colleagues will be happy to help
hi tim, the software and drivers can be downloaded here: 
i'll pass on your feedback.
thank you stuart, i'll pass this on
hi stuart, glad you like the cafe, sorry about the t- cake, please let me know which store this is and
hi carrie, awwww, they're awesome. happy halloween. mark
do share any fun carvings you and the kids do. hope you have a lovely weekend :~)-tabby
hi carrie. thanks for taking the time to share your feedback :~). glad you like it-tabby
we take food quality seriously you had a chance to address with cafe management? they'd be happy to assist you further.
we disagree, dylan. we're excited that you're choosing us, for all your sporting needs. 
ohh, stop it! you're making us blush. -sabi
we  you too, angel. thanks for having our back!
impressive, the "love" symbol looks awesome! did you draw that? 
we love it! sounds like a double win! new friend cozy blankets . thanks for choosing us.
yay! we're thrilled to hear you've enjoyed your experience, randi.
we want you to leave our store with a smile on your face. 
you're more than welcome! it makes us very happy to hear that.
nothing but the best for the communities! we hope everyone is able to enjoy the pumpkins. thanks for the shoutout!
woot woot! thanks for the shout out, will. 
here to help. send us a note at 
happy to help! please visit this link; 
we're so sorry for the trouble. send us a note via 
here to help! send us a note here 
we can take a look! send us a note via 
we've been in touch via dm!
here to help! follow up here; 
here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can assist.
we can definitely take a look! send us a note via 
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
we're following up with you via dm, be on the look out for our response.
we'd be happy to look into this, frank. please provide the email address you used to reach out to us so we can further review and assist.
the busy area fee helps us maintain the reliability &amp; speed of our service. you can try again later when there may be less demand.
we're here to help! send us a note here, 
here to help. send us a note at 
hi, jenny! kindly send us details regarding your concern so our team can assist.
here to help! for more info please visit;
here to help! contact us here;  
hi! please visit 
sorry to hear about the trouble, jasmany. we've escalated your concern member of our team will be in touch shortly via in-app. these type of issues are handled off social media. we apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.
hey there, jasmany! we can see that a member of our team is looking into this for you. in an effort to enhance your support experience, and to avoid further confusion we'll be following up with any further questions or concerns you may have through in-app support.
we definitely want to take a closer look. however, due to our policy terms and conditions, we will need to discuss this with the account holder. please message us with the email address associated with the account and we'll follow up with her directly via in-app support.
here to help! please confirm the email address or phone number through direct message so we can further assist
we're here to help. send us a dm with your email address so we can assist.
here to help. send us a note at 
hi, eric. kindly visit this link for more info; 
sorry to hear about the trouble, eric! at airports, there are usually only specific pick up zones which would then make moving the pin to your exact location default back to the designated pick up zone. we apologize for the inconvenience.
we absolutely want to follow up right away. please send us a dm with your email address so we can connect.
due to our privacy policy we're not able to address these concerns over social. please have the account holder (or the person you're writing in for) contact us at 
we can definitely take a look! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
here to help! send us a dm with your email address with more info so we can assist.
happy to help! please confirm your email address or phone number through direct message (dm) so our team can assist you further.
here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can assist.
here to help. send us a note at 
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
here to help! send us a note at 
we're here to help. can you please send us a dm with your email address so we can look into this?
martel, whos the phone manufacturer? 
i'm really sorry to hear that. please dm your tracking # so we can look into that for you.  
we're glad you had a good experience! please let us know if we can offer you any further assistance. 
we have forwarded your information to our team, we will be in contact with you. 
good evening solomon. may we have your cellphone number to run a check on your line? fa
may we know when the deduction was made and how much?ee
so sorry to hear this. please send us a dm with your email address so we can help.
hi james, oh dear! i can understand your concerns. can you return the cake tin with your receipt to the store, my colleagues will be able to assist further. ty
hi mohammed, can you dm me with the store you visited, the time of your visit and the colleagues name or description you spoke with? ty 
hi mohammed, i'd advise returning the product returning the nappies with your delivery documents to your nearest metro,superstore or extra. my colleagues there will be able to assist further. ty
in this case, we'd recommend trying a smaller size to see if that helps. i'm also sorry to learn of the leaking, can i just check that you're referring to the absorbency gel please? can you dm your full name, address &amp; email please? 
hi benny, sorry for the delay in replying! they're available now for our delivery saver customers :) thanks
hello kerrie, we were very busy first thing this morning when the slots went live. can you let me know if you managed to get on in the end? ty
hello julia! did you manage to get on the website in the end? ty
oh perfect! :) thanks for letting me know! ty
hello sarah! i'm so sorry about this! did you manage to get online in the end? ty
that's great sarah :) did you get the slot you wanted?
 m(_ _)m hm
how long has it been since you've e-mailed the seller? 
please allow 48 hours for the seller to respond, allen. let us know how it works out and if we can help with anything else! 
we're unable to view any account information via twitter. what's the current tracking shown here: 
i'm sorry you haven't received it yet! have you had an e-mail regarding the order? please check junk/spam and let us know! 
du kannst bei den kategorien "bcher" oder "bcher fremdsprachig" auswhlen, wobei ersteres deinem wunsch entspricht. gru 
hi, just a question at the beginning you prefer answers in german or english? 
i'm so sorry for the late delivery, kimmie! our carriers can deliver until 8 pm, please keep us updated on its arrival. 
i'm sorry that it still hasn't arrived. please contact us so that we can look into this together: 
hello! we'd love to help. can you tell us a bit more about what's happening? 
 we'd like to take a closer look into this refund for you. please reach us at:
i'm sorry it hasn't arrived! please reach us here: 
most items are readily available for shipping; however, some aren't and may have a longer processing time than others. 
i would like someone from our team to take a look into this for you, sanu. please reach out here: 
have you had a chance to speak with your bank regarding the refund? 
when you last contacted us what information did we provide? have you spoken with your bank to see if they have the refund? 
i'm sorry for the frustration! without giving personal/account details, could you tell us a bit more about what's going on? 
i'm sorry for the frustration! without giving account/personal details, can you please provide us with more info? 
we'd like to look deeper into this issue. please provide us with more information here: 
we're definitely here to help! please reach out to us by phone here: 
i'm sorry your order hasn't arrived yet! please let us know if you haven't received it within 48 hours. 
we'd like another chance to look into this. please reach out by phone or chat: 
please keep us updated. 
have you tried deleting the card from the account and re-adding it? have you reached out to usps about these deliveries?  
can you tell us what insight / advice was provided with when you spoke with us last? we'd like to help if we can. 
sorry for the poor experience. without giving any account information, could you tell us what's going on? we'd love top help! 
we apologise for trouble caused,please dm your idea number and alternate number also elaborate on your concern so that we can assist you further.
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
let us know and we'll continue from there. 
we'd like to see what we can do to assist. what version of ios are you currently running? we released ios 11.1 today.
lets work together on this situation. to clarify, did this start after updating to ios 11.1? also, which device are you using?
got it. does this happen while using any particular app or feature? let us know via a dm. well keep moving forward from there. 
you should still be able to control music on your iphone from the watch. check out the user guide here: 
we certainly want to take a closer look into this issue. select the following link to join us in a dm and we'll go from there. 
hi there! ios 11.1 was released earlier today containing some bug fixes. let's back up and update: 
we know how important your battery is &amp; we'll be happy to help. which ios version are you using? also, when did this issue begin?
please meet with us in dm. we'd like to gather some additional details from you. 
we're here to help out! which device is this on and which version of ios is currently installed?
thank you very much! send us a dm to let us know if your speaker doesn't work on calls, or if other apps are affected as well. 
check out this link: 
we can help. lets start with the following steps to see if we can save you a trip in for service: 
we certainly want to take a closer look into this. select the following link to join us in a dm and we'll go from there. 
thanks for reaching out. dm which bluetooth device you are trying to connect to so we can help. 
we'd like to help. what is going on with the app?
we'd like to take a closer look at this. dm us and we'll go from there. 
hey, we can provide some guidance. let's meet in dm and we'll go from there. 
we're here to help with any issues you may having with performance. let us know the exact ios version to get started.
got it. we'd recommend backing up and updating your device to 11.1 and test things out further. keep us posted on the results.
since we just released ios 11.1 today, can you clarify which exact version you have installed?
we'll be happy to look into this with you. to clarify, which iphone model do you have and what's the exact ios version?
we want to help with this. let's start troubleshooting by trying the steps here: 
we'd be glad to see what we can do for you. let's meet up in dm first. thanks! 
we'd like to look into this with you. does the song appear to be greyed out?
thank you for reaching out. we've received your dm and will continue working with you there.
send us a dm please and we will go from there. 
we're happy to help. what seems to be the problem?
we're here for you. dm us, and we'll look into this together. 
we're glad to hear that's sorted out for you. have a great day.
we'd love to help with your alarm volume. is the option to "change with buttons" disabled under settings &gt; sounds?
hey, we can work together to figure out a solution. send us a dm and we'll continue from there. 
@116353, that's not good please dm full address and primary name on the account so we can take a look. = jj 
hi, i definitely understand your concern. i'm showing a good signal from here, are you checking the connection wired or wireless?
hi, at this moment i am not showing any reported issues in your area.  i pinged your modem several times and i'm not showing any packet loss. is it alright if i send a refresh to your equipment? if so, please let me know when it will be a good time send the signal.
i've sent the refresh to your wifi modem.  it may take up to 10 minutes for it to reload.  please run a speed test on the hardwired connection once you're back online and share your results.
hi, while hardwired to your equipment, are you able to sign into your account online at 
sure thing, let us know the results.
one that is at least one that is a cat5e or cat6. anything less would not be able to go faster than 100.
do you have a wired device with a gigabit ethernet port you can try connecting to the modem and testing with?
i was referring to your devices and not the cord.  you should be able to use the same cord for this test.
do you have any trace routes showing the packet loss?
i was not able to find that information in the previous conversation.  would you be able to provide the trace routes in a dm?  i am not seeing any signal issues to the modem. ~derrick
hi there, i am glad that you scheduled a technician to further investigate your issue.  it is difficult to diagnose your issue remotely.  please let us know the results after the technician visits.
i just checked your modem and it looks like the device that is plugged into the modem currently is only capable of up to 100 mbps. this could be the ethernet cord or the network card inside of the computer. do you have another ethernet cord to test with? preferably (1)
thank you for following up. a member of our team will be in touch shortly through dm.
it seems a member of our team has reached out to you. please check your email and follow up with them there.
we have received your dm and will follow up there.
we've folllwed up via dm.
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can connect.
here to help! send us a note at 
we take this very seriously. please send us a dm with your email address so we can connect asap.
here to help! follow up here; 
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address and specific details of your issue so we can follow up.
here to help. send us a note at 
i'm very sorry about this, we don't intend to mislead our customers. kind regard 
hi stephen, i have contacted the store and they have informed me that it is due to the 6 pack currently being half price. thanks
hi stephen, this is because the 6 pack of pies are currently half price at the moment whereas the 4 pack are not. hope this helps.
hi stephen, it could be that my colleague were unaware of the deal on the 6 pack when reducing the 4 to clear. 
hi stephen, please be assured your feedback has been passed to the management team at our haddington superstore. ty
that's ok kevin. if there is anything else i can help you with, please don't hesitate to contact me back. ty
also the supplier code(sc), would it be ok to pass your details to our supplier? ty 
please also include the use by and batch code. would it be okay to pass your details onto our supplier? . ty 
hi sarah, yes of course. photos would be perfect :) ty
your moneycard can be sent via email or by post, can you confirm which youd prefer? 
hi rach, i'm glad to learn this has been resolved :) ty
oh no! i'm so sorry rach :( were you able to checkout okay after or would you like further assistance please?
many thanks and kind regards! 
could i also ask you to forward some details so we may log it on our system? 
hi kate, just before i call the store can you please let me know if you spoke with anyone in store about this? thanks
we are just waiting on a delivery to restock the freezer and this will be resolved for you. lawrence 
hi kate, really sorry about the inconvenience cause by this, i spoke to store and they have told me they had a fault with the freezer. 
please can let me know the date/time you visited the store. ty 
also, can you include the sc code (sc12345) and the store you purchased these from? kind regards 
your full name, address, barcode, price paid, date code, store visited and clear copy of your receipt? 
i would like to issue a refund for you and pass your comments to our supplier. can you dm some information? 
where all allergens need to be highlighted in bold in our ingredients list. thanks 
hi jordan, i'm sorry that you feel this way about our products. but we do follow eu regulations with all our products. 
will do, have a great week. 
wow, that's what we love to hear! we appreciate your loyalty and support. thank you for choosing delta.  
hi jamie! thanks for the awesome compliment for our pdx staff member. happy travels.  
hey katie, thanks for the feedback  we appreciate it! well get this passed onto the right team  /cg
sorry about that. you shouldnt have received an email/notification if youre not eligible. can you dm us your account's email address or username? /nq 
hey there! just to clarify, which part of canada are currently living in? /mt
hey tom! not to worry, we're more than happy to bring the party to your place. would you mind sending this invite out to everyone you know? 
hey there! thanks for taking the time to reach out  we'll pass your feedback on to our ads team /nq
hey there, help's here! could you dm us your account's email address and username? we'll take a look backstage /cg 
awesome! if you ever need anything else, just shout and we'll come running  /df
hey dylan! can you let us know which versions of spotify and windows you're running? we'll see what we can suggest /ra
hey pazcal! could you send us a dm with your account's email address? we'll take a look backstage /mj 
hey there! we'll get this reported. great detective work! 
hey! the cavalry's here. can you dm us your account's username or email address? we'll take a look under the hood /js 
hey there! sometimes content gets temporarily removed because of licensing changes. hopefully we'll have them available again soon /mt
you're welcome. not to worry, we'll pass on your feedback to the right team. if you ever need us again, just say the word. we're always here for you /mt
we've just sent a dm your way. let's carry on chatting there /mt
hey there! don't worry, help's here. can you let us know the iphone model you're using along with its ios and spotify versions? we'll see what we can suggest /mt
we see. could you dm us your facebook profile's email address? we'll help out there /cg 
hey! could you dm us your accounts email address? well check this out backstage /cg 
thanks. is it happening over 3g/4g, wifi, or both? does logging out, fully closing the app, and restarting your device help? /kc
can you dm us your account's email address? we'll check things out /kc 
hey! what device, operating system, and spotify version are you using? we'll see what we can suggest /cb
hey! we hear you  rest assured, your feedback will be passed on to the right folks /rh
we take this very seriously. please send us a dm with your email address and additional details so we can connect asap.
hi there! can you dm us your account's email address or username? we'll take a look backstage /nq 
hi thomas. it makes total sense! this link should help you sort your awesome tracks: 
hi daniel! can you send us the link to the idea you posted? we'll take a look at what happened  /nh
2: resending your ideas and using keywords that will help your idea easier to find /rb
we suggest using keywords similar to those used in the suggested idea. if you need anything else, give us a shout /rb
we hear you. rest assured, your feedback will be passed on to the right folks /rb
1: thanks! ideas usually get closed because they're unable to garner enough votes. we suggest...
you're welcome! if anything else comes up, we're just one tweet away. have a 
hey daniel this sounds like a great idea! suggest it in our community at 
hey dustin, we're sorry to hear that! can you let us know the name of the artist of that track? we'll check it out /ns
thanks. sometimes content gets temporarily removed because of licensing changes. hopefully we'll have it available again soon! /ns
sorry about that. wed love to have all of their stuff available, but we have some info about content here: 
alright. can you send us the song link then? just tap the three dots &gt; share &gt; copy link. we'll have a look /ag
got it. are you getting a specific error message when you try playing this track? a screenshot of it would come in handy /kb
hey there! can you send us the spotify uri? just right-click the track &gt; share &gt; uri. also, what country is your spotify account set to? /ag
hi maggie, we do advise our call charges online for when you need to contact us. 
we're sorry you feel this way, maggie. all charges are available to view on our website, prior to calling us. 
recommend checking in at the airport. sorry for the inconvenience this has caused.  
double, double toil and trouble; look what weve seen from our #windowseat bubble. #happyhalloween  
hi diz, the lima route is currently suspended for winter 2017 from 29 oct 2017 until 24 march 2018. 
website when they have been finalised. 
we'll keep everything crossed for you! happy holidays! 
we can't confirm next winters plans at the moment, diz. we always reviewing our schedules and well update our 
hi, please contact our lagos office on (+234) 70 94250 556 monday to friday open 09:00-17:00
saturday open 10:00-14:00. 
hi prashanth, we have a lounge in amsterdam called lounge 40. 
we don't like to hear this, julian. our seat pitch is comparable to other airlines. 
i can definitely look into this for you. please dm me your full address and phone number so i can better assist. slm
hello. just checking in to see if you are still experiencing dvr issues.
hello, thanks for reaching out about your billing concerns and i'd be happy to help! can you dm the full address? ~at
hi, derrick! just checking in to see if you are still experiencing xfinity internet service issues.
glad to hear everything is back up and running! if you ever need anything else you know where to find us!
hey krystal, i can look into your account.  can you dm me your account info please?
sorry about the service issues.  please send us a dm with your account info so i can help.--jv
i can help with any area wide issues.  please send us a dm so i can look into this for you.--jv
thank you for reaching out.  i will forward this feedback for you.--jv
yes, please send us a direct message for assistance.-ye
hello, there should be a link at the bottom of the emails. please dm and we can discuss further. thank you. ~rd
ok, once you navigate to the settings, preferences, then general make sure the setting "auto-tune to hd channels" is on.-rm
my pleasure. is there anything else i can help you with?-rm
awesome. thank you for being the best part of comcast! we are here  to assist you with any issues you may have. have a good evening.-rm
to navigate to settings, click xfinity on the remote, then scroll over to settings (the icon looks like a gear).
hi, janette. can you check to make sure your autotune to hd setting is on? you can find it under settings&gt; preferences&gt; general.
we always want everyone to be comfy. you can ask our crew about any available open seats.
you'd have to speak with our crew and ask what is available. it would need to be in the same cabin and in the same type of seat.
oh my, that #guac looks delish! thanks for always sharing the good and the bad, kevin. #yummy
we'd like to share this feedback. please dm your record locator.
your guitar must fit underneath the seat in front of you or in an overhead bin. please see details here: 
please share your record locator via dms and we can take look.
did you file a report with us? if you did, please send us a dm and include that in so we can take a look.
good night becky 
hi joanne, we have this service reported 1 minute early arriving into birmingham new street and 12' minutes late arriving into wolverhampton. 
i hear you loud and clear brandon! shoot me a dm, and we can chat about your options! 
hey there justin! i can help with anything t-mobile! shoot me a dm, and we'll chat! 
yikes- i know if this were happening to me, i wouldn't understand too much! send a dm our way for assistance! 
send us a dm if you have any questions, we'll give you the #magentacarpet experience! :) 
help has arrived!! i see your dm! click here to meet me back in there! --&gt; 
having issues to #getthanked, laurel? dm us, we'll make sure you can take advantage of all the goodies. 
sounds like there's a 100% chance you'll make it rain next year.  
happy halloween, harry! we hope you enjoy the magical ride at 35k with us today!  
looking forward to it, benjamin!  
sorry to disappoint, ben. you can pay it forward and leave one behind for the person flying after you. 
we're saddened to hear that, ben. feel free to dm us your rr acct # if you'd like us to stop the drink coupons from being mailed to you. 
thanks ben. drink coupons will no longer be sent to you, &amp; the account will close when there's been no earning activity for 24 months. 
we don't have an eta on those episodes just yet. if you're interested, you can see them with: 
thanks for following up. please confirm your email address or phone number through direct message so we can further assist.
happy to further assist you. can you please send us a dm with your email address and additional details so we can follow up?
uh oh, that's not what we like to hear about! does this continue for you after working through these: 
we haven't updated all devices to the new experience, so there are differences. maybe this will help: 
thanks for tweeting us about this! so we can take a closer look with you, please give us a call or chat: 
hey there! no news at this time, but we'll share the interest! for the most up-to-date info: 
hey there! all 38 subtitled episodes of my hero academia are currently available. we have also have all of season 1 dubbed.
uh oh! we definitely want to look into this. please give us a call at the phone number listed here: 
youve reached the right place, please shoot us a dm, in order for us to further assist you.
what have you feeling this way? we would love to assist you.-dd
we understand, but in order for us to further assist you, you need to inform us on your issue. we would hate to see you go-dd
please dm your contact number and team will reach out asap to get this resolved.
i understand how frustrating this is and i'm here to assist. i do apologize that i'm not showing the contact number or private message.
pls follow/dm your confirmation or ticket number to take a look.  
hi justin. the equivalent of a personal item is one similar to a purse or backpack. as long as this item fits under the seat in front of you, you should be okay. 
we would love to have you back with us, lina.  
please follow and dm your confirmation number.   
i would ask you please to avoid the use of that type of language.  
i will be happy to look into this further for you. could you please provide your confirmation number via dm, please?  
i am really sorry to hear that and i hope you will allow us to provide you better service in the future.  
kevin, i will be assisting you with the upgrade request. please allow me just a minute to pull all of the information together for an accurate quote. 
sure thing. so you would like to go ahead and be added to the upgrade waitlist? 
correct. it will be a total of 130,000 for the round trip, if it becomes available. 
since the space is not currently available, you can decide and get back to us when you are ready. 
sure thing! have a great flight. we truly appreciate your loyalty to our brand! 
i hear the frustration. if you care to share details, please follow and dm details.  
we appreciate your constructive feedback and are taking it under serious advisement.  
on behalf of afc, again, we appreciate your feedback. 
youve been a pleasure to tweet with. have a wonderful day. 
hello, ismail. thank you for sharing.  
hello, maggi. i'll be glad to check for you. please dm your confirmation number for privacy.  
cooper, i'm sorry about the wi-fi! please, be sure to report the matter to our wi-fi partner gogo at or 1.877.350.0038. they need to get details from you of any messages or details you got during your attempt. 
on behalf of , you are very welcome. 
we're sorry to hear you're disappointed. if we can be of any assistance, please don't hesitate to tweet us about it. we're here for you. 
hey there. to qualify for a full refund you would have to cancel your reservation within 24 hours of the purchase being made. otherwise, you are subject to fees and or difference in fare. i hope this helps clarify your concerns, today.  
hello. i'm here to help. please dm the ticket number or confirmation number, here, for review. thanks!  
great picture, thanks for sharing!  
hello, there. thank you for sharing.  
hi kyle, thanks for recognizing our employees. we're proud of our crew too. every day our team is working to make flying with us better! 
hi kelli. i truly regret the frustration we've caused you. please contact our baggage service center at 800-325-8224 and are open from 7:00 am:00 am.  
hello, john. our system shows you were already compensated for flight 4459 today with $100.00 delta travel vouchers for each of you. unfortunately, i cannot double compensate for the same flight. i am sorry to disappoint.  
you're most welcome. we are here for you . tweet us anytime! 
i can authorize 5,000 bonus skymiles be deposited into each of your skymiles accounts as a gesture for the inconvenience. () 
mary, i am sorry to hear that. thank you for taking the time and providing this feedback.  
matthew, i am really sorry for the delay. your patience is appreciated as we hope to get you going soon. 
hey there. how can i help?  
i apologize deeply for the delay. we hope to have you on your way as soon as possible.  
hello, holly. i do apologize for the delay. delays are never fun. they are working hard to get you in the air asap. as of now, your flight is estimated to depart at 5:45 pm and estimated to arrive at 8:46 pm. 
sure, jun. please dm with your questions or concerns. 
please allow 24 to 72 hours, for the miles to be redeposited. the cash portion will be redeposited within 6  to 10 business days.  
may i have your confirmation number?  
if you have any questions in the future please let us know. 
ok great, we will be here if the issues return. 
you're welcome. 
if you change you're mind please let us know. 
i truly apologize for the frustration this matter has caused. please dm your service phone number or account numb... 
i am sorry you are having issues with your internet. you can find helpful troubleshooting tips here ... 
oh no! that's never good wendy. did you pick up your receipt? when did you visit? robbie
i advise going into store and speaking with one of my colleagues. i'm sure they'd be more than happy to help. robbie
you need a costume. i have faith that you can get creative!
right? best day of the year.
that makeup is on point!
truth! thanks so much for the shout out.
i'm so sorry you aren't a fan, and we're still working to perfect our recipe. i hope you give it another shot soon.
 i'm so sorry about that. i'm confident we'll include it next time.
sad day! i'm so sorry. are you able to to go back and grab it?
yeah, buddy! that's what i like to hear.
it's the best day of the year.
it's our annual boorito promotion  enjoy that bowl!
mmmmm nicely done!
we appreciate you stopping by! what all did you get in your burrito?
thanks for coming in!
the only thing better than a regular steak bowl, is a $3 steak bowl.
that's concerning. we'll get in touch with the team straightaway.
please have your friends contact us: 
please write to us at the link, as that conflicts with what was discussed when we called.
thanks for the shout out!
oh. my. goodness. i love all of this so much! nicely done, fam.
the standard portion is two ounces, which is half of the cup. we should be happy to give you an extra one, though.
it's good for any main menu item  you don't have to order a burrito!
that's my kind of costume right there.
oh noooo! did she make it?
that's what we like to hear! what did you order?
i love all of this so much! we appreciate you stopping by, and those costumes are on point.
hey there, wed like to have a closer look, as youve mentioned that this is a persistent behavior. to further investigate &amp; assist please write us: 
hi again, are you uploading files manually or using automatic camera uploads? could you dm us a screenshot of the offline files page, if you do have any offlined? thanks in advance!
hey there, is that our latest stable version 72.2? can you tell us what mobile device youre using, and what version of android youre on? thanks in advance!
we never want to disappoint you, and comments like yours offer valuable input for future planning of merchandise to carry in our stores. thanks for providing which store visited. thanks!
we strive to create an environment that recognizes the value of diversity. it is never our intention to offend you with the merchandise we carry. we'd love to share your comments with our buyers. please provide which store you visit. thanks!
you can always paid the full price of your phone, but we don't have unlocked iphones in stores. thanks for asking!
hi there! i've replied to your dm. :) 
hi! i'm sorry to hear about this. please send me a dm if you still need assistance. i'm happy to help 
hey there, we've responded to your dm, so please message us back whenever you get the chance! 
hello and thank you for reaching out. please send me a dm with more information, so that i can further assist you. 
i am sorry for the trouble with this email. please dm me and i will be happy to help you further. 
hola cesar! por favor siguenos en twitter para brindarte asistencia por mensajes directos.
te hemos enviado un mensaje privado a traves de twitter con instrucciones.
hey danny. the pre-load feature generally start two days before release date.
downloading ps store purchases to the ps4 is easy. find out how: 
hi there, there might be a delay with the service, you can find the title here: 
let us know the results
that's odd. psn is online. please power cycle your network devices and try again:
here to help! we have sent you a direct message via twitter with further instructions.
sorry to hear that! we have sent you a direct message via twitter with further instructions.
sorry to hear that! for billing issues, please follow the steps in the next link: 
hello there. please check your dm's for more instructions.
hi kevin! for refund info, please check the following link: 
hi! try formatting a usb to fat32 and reinstall the update following the steps on the next link: 
hola diego, si claro. por favor siguenos en twitter: para ms instrucciones en mensaje directo.
hello, i have responded via private message. thanks! 
 sure to submit your feedback. 
 hello, chase online passwords are case sensitive. we advise to change your password if you haven't done so, and we'll make
please dm us more details about your experience, so we can take a further look and help prevent this from happening. thanks for your patience!
please dm us more details about your experience, so we can take a further look and assist you. thanks for your patience!
we are happy to help you. however, stores won't be able to ship this crib bedding to you, so please let us have a zip code and we will look for inventory around you. thanks for reaching out!
that's a super cute set! we apologize that you're unable to find it. it's still showing as an active item in our system, so we encourage you to continue checking for availability. thank you.
curious! well, for now, if you upload a photo to your draft listing you can access it by going to the draft from your app.  
the listing from phone or computer to access that photo. was this feature in the sell your item form, or somewhere else?  
can you let us know more about what was promised? were here to help. 
is this in relation to your seller performance level? please dm us with more details so we can review our options! 
hey rachel will definitely pass that insight over to our tech team. thank you for reaching out to us. 
let's take a look. can i ask you to dm us your email address, full name and registered postal code so we can review?
weve responded to your dm with some more info on this. let us know if you have any questions! thank you! 
that's no good. we'll definitely look into that. are you still seeing that issue? please let us know. 
hi there, sorry about this. could you send me a pic of the barcode please? which store did you buy this from? robbie
thank you, can you confirm the right product here
hey, thats great, danaan! were glad to hear that you got this taken care of. thanks for letting us know. cheers 
hi again, smart sync can be enabled on your business account using the steps here: 
hi again, do you have two emails, a work and personal account, and are they linked? are you able to login to your personal account first?
hi danaan, what error are you getting when you redeem the key for your dropbox account? did you have plus before with evh?
we apologize for the inconvenience. if you need additional help please let us know. 
hi brad, we saw that you mentioned us. were you able to get the problem resolved? if not, wed like to help. thank you. 
 pls send us your full name/zip/phone#/account type so our social care team can help you. 
thanks for the info, our social care team will follow up with you. 
hi muyiwa. thank you for speaking with us last night. we will research your account and follow up with you again today. thanks! 
thank you. 
thank you for your feedback. we are glad we were able to help. have a great day! 
hello, we saw your twitter post. is there anything we can do to help? 
you can send us a message by clicking the link below.  
hi, we'd like to know what happened. pls send us additional details with your name/zip/phone#/account type and we'll follow up. 
hello! would you mind following us and sending a dm when you are so we can gather more info?  
hello! would you mind following us and sending a dm when you are so we can gather more info?  
if you have xbox related questions, we'd be happy to help! tweet us for official xbox support 
hi there! the bind button is located on the side of the console nest to the usb port.  
apologies for the confusion there, this would be located in the front right part of the console: 
correct. if you have any other support questions, just let us know.  
hello, for safety reasons only the accounts parental guardian or the account user can contact us for account issues. 
hello! you can pre-order the game here: 
pre-order the game on the uk version of the site. let us know if you are unable to.  2 
the game is not available on the xbox store at this time. also, you should be able to  1 
thanks for reaching out! could you dm 
hello! would you be able to send us a picture of what you are seeing on your end?  
we'd like an engineer to take a look at this. can you post to our forums using the link above and then send us the link? 
hey, looks like the engineer sent an email can you please confirm your email address? 
yay! happy bay2breakers. #irunalaska
sorry about the delays joyce. can you please send me your confirmation email in a dm? 
thank you for the kind words! couldn't do it without amazing guests like yourself!
we would love to hear your feedback: 
glad to hear it! thanks for choosing to fly alaska, your welcome back anytime you like!
hi there. can you follow and dm us your order number so we can look into this for you? thanks
hi loren. can you follow, and dm us your order number so we can look into this for you? thanks
that's great chris! thanks for the feedback!
this coke looks so good you can almost taste it. almost. #trickortweet 
its a birdits a planeits a balloon french fry box. #trickortweet 
our hearts beating faster over here, and its not from all the scares. #trickortweet 
our hearts beating faster over here, and its not from all the scares. #trickortweet 
its a birdits a planeits a balloon french fry box. #trickortweet 
that feeling when you get home and check out your #halloween candy stash. #trickortweet 
our hearts beating faster over here, and its not from all the scares. #trickortweet 
chocolate chip cookies + mcflurry = everything youve ever been missing. #trickortweet 
we hear you, liam. we're working as fast as we can to update our fleet and will soon have super fast wi-fi to stream movies.
we appreciate your feedback!
thanks for your kind words! we hope you have a fantastic evening.
we're very sorry about that, perla. we always want your experience to go smoothly.
that's the most current info, but if there is any further update our gate team will provide it as it becomes available.
looks like it has a maintenance delay and it's currently scheduled to take off at 10:10p.
our crew is there to serve you and not deceive you in any way. we're also here to help so please share your flight details via dms.
our offer still stands to assist, andrew.
we're sorry for the delay. the previous pilot may not have been aware of the problem. we appreciate your patience.
please dm your record locator, we'd like to forward this feedback.
we're sorry for the extended travel time today, ally. our team is working hard to reunite you with your bags.
we're going to forward this to our flight service leadership team for appropriate review.
we see you're arriving just a few minutes early, we're always working to get you to your destination as soon as possible.
hi, matt, we've your info but we'd like to verify which trip you'd like to cancel. please dm your record locator with the unwanted return.
thanks for your loyalty! it means the world to us.
you wouldn't get those perks on ba, martin.
our sincere apologies for any last minute gate changes, we know that's not fun. please let us know if we can help here.
we apologize for the inconvenience. travelers submit their paperwork to us, but aren't required to show it to everyone on board.
we expect all of our flyers to be courteous to each other and sadly this gentleman wasn't today.
she sure is a gorgeous bird!
thanks for joining us on board!
#alllllthefeelz
we're sorry for the extra travel time today, rocky. please dm us your record locator and well take a look.
any dogs you see outside of a kennel are either service or emotional support animals.
we're sorry for the inconvenience, nick. did you ask a crew member if you could move to another seat?
here to help. send us a note at 
for immediate assistance,pls contact us at the customer service number on the back of your card. thank you.
try that and let me know if that helps. 
have you tried resetting your password? 
hi ashley. which u.s. based card is this concerning? please do not release any personal or card information. 
oh no! i'm really sorry to hear about this, please dm us your store phone number and we'll reach out right away!
thanks for this message. sorry for the trouble.  please dm us with your email address &amp; we'll reach out right away!
hi, you can edit your order at any time before it enters the dispatch process. to do this please check out our help page: 
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
i do see they are working on the area. once the service is back up we can continue to troubleshoot the continuing issues you were having.
i completely understand, at this point, i'm unable to troubleshoot further since we don't have the connection to try. i hope they're able to resolve the full issue while they work on it this time.
absolutely!
ah, i see. well, we would need to wait until the interruption is over so we can test the connection.
are you able to test using a wire?
we're still here to help. can you try doing a test wired in?
oh no! we're sorry about that! please direct message us and we'll inform you of the alternative ways to order this item.
oh no! please direct message us your order number! we're here to help.
hey there, jorge. please direct message us for order details. i can clarify or help out with this order.
sorry to hear about that! please direct message us with any error details that are occurring. i will review this with our mobile team.
nice shot, thanks for sharing!
i just wanted to be sure you didn't need any help. but i am very happy to hear you enjoyed yourself at our event, please do not hesitate to reach out if you need any help.
please let us know if you need any help or have any questions.
i will be happy to look into your service issues. please dm me your account info so i can help.
i apologize that you think that. if you happen to need assistance with your internet, please do not hesitate to dm us your account information. we are here to help.
i apologize you are experiencing some speed issues. could you please dm your full first/last name, full service address (including the city, state, and zip code), and the phone number listed on the account?
i understand your frustration; however, this is an issue with the licensing agreement restriction between the network, the league and us. i am sorry for the inconvenience this has brought you.-rm
i completely understand how this is frustrating and i want to make this right for you. i can provide a $10.00 credit for the inconvenience for you not being able to view the game.-rm
i agree in the end you should have gotten to watch it live. if it were up to us we would definitely be able to do just that. there are things that are beyond our control when it comes to contract negotiations licensing agreement &amp; restrictions.
thanks for reaching out to us with your concern about the game. this is likely due to licensing agreement restrictions between us, the network and the league. we apologize for any inconvenience.
i can help you. can you dm me your address and phone number please?
i am sorry about this.  were you home at the time the delivery occurred?
i'm very saddened to hear your package has not been delivered. please dm my team your tracking number., we will take a deeper look into the details for you.  
please dm us your tracking, delivery address and contact number via the link so we can look into this for you.  
here to help! connect with us through 
we've replied via dm, please follow up there.
we hope everyone is ok. please dm us your email address so we can follow up immediately.
we'd like to take a look into this with you. when you have a moment, please reach out to us here: 
is everything in your basket eligible? you can find more info here: 
i'm sorry for the trouble! have you tried the steps outlined here? 
hmm.... let's take a closer look into what's going on here: 
i'm sorry your account is locked! please reach out directly to us here: 
the link  provided will allow you to contact us without signing in! select "skip log in" and you'll be in touch in no time! 
hier findest du alle infos darber: 
du hast die mglichkeit, a geschenkkarten aus dem stationren handel fr deine bestellungen einzulsen. gru 
ol georgiano. sinto muito em saber disso. por favor entre em contato com o nosso sac no seguinte link: 
not what we like to hear at all, ramya! was this shipped by us or a seller? you can check here: 
puedes explicarnos bien el inconveniente  y mandarnos los detalles en este enlace por favor? 
david, te recomendamos no compartir informaciones personales por este medio, te sugerimos editar o eliminar este mensaje. ()
have you already tried a restart? kind regards 
is this still ongoing? what devices are you using? 
what devices are you using for amazon video? 
in this case please contact my colleagues via: 
hi! i just wanted to ask if my colleagues could assist you? regards 
changing language is just a simple click: 
 i'm sorry your parcel wasn't delivered. please reach us here: 
we're here to help. send us a dm with the issue and we'll follow up from there. 
let's look at this together. are you updated to ios 11.1?
it was released earlier today. let's use these steps to update ios:  
we understand your concerns, and want to help. which device is this happening on?
thank you for reaching out to us. have you tried to restart the device? let us know to get started.
that's great! enjoy the rest of your day.
we'd like to take a look into that with you. would you please join us in dm to get started? 
lets team up on this. how long has this been happening? what version number of ios are you running? which iphone do you have?
thanks for the update. go ahead and send us a dm and we'll take it from there. 
please dm us your tracking, delivery address and contact number via the link so we can look into this for you.  
i apologize the driver did not leave your items as you expected. can you please dm the tracking and delivery address.  
thank you for reaching out to us. please dm us details of your concern or compliment include your tracking and phone number. don't forget to provide your shipping address.  
thank you for reaching out to us. please dm us details of your concern or compliment include your tracking and phone number. don't forget to provide your shipping address.  
i am sorry that this has happened. please dm the tracking number and we will look into this for you.  
i am sorry the package was delivered early. please dm the tracking number. we will look into this concern for you.  
thank you for reaching out to us. please dm us details of your concern or compliment include your tracking and phone number. don't forget to provide your shipping address.  
we deliver up until 7:00 p.m. or until the driver has attempted to deliver every package. during the holidays our drivers can deliver until 8:00 p.m. or later. 
hi, we're here to help. please dm us the email linked to your uber account so we can look into this for you.
we're here to help. we just sent you a dm.
here to help. for more info regarding your concern, please visit: 
here to help! send us a note via 
here to help. send us a note at 
we're here to help! send us a note here, 
here to help! send us a note here; 
we take this very seriously. please send us a dm with your email address so we can connect asap.
we see your outreach and a member of our team will be following up via email as soon as possible. we appreciate your patience.
we're here to help! for more info, visit us at; 
hi there! please send us a note via 
can i please ask what else you would like to query and i will do my best to help from here? thanks 
i'm also sorry that you have been on hold for a while now. the lines are very busy tonight. 
hi louise, i'm very sorry that your delivery is delayed although i am glad that you have been notified with a heads-up 
finally i'll need the bottom most row of digits on your receipt. 
, have a great week.  
...anxiety, frustration, and inconvenience that we have caused.    
hey joan, thanks for asking. the  slc to lhr non-stop is a seasonal route and will resume /2018. 
love in the  state ! were happy to be on the ground to support #atlpride. #prideinflight 
hmmm okay. thanks so much for following up with us. i will be sure to share this with our software team. 
is this in our comments/complaints section? 
we've just sent a dm your way. let's carry on chatting there /an
hi nico! can you send us a dm with your account's email address or username? we'll take a look under the hood /xf 
you're welcome! if you ever need us again, just give us a shout. 
this sounds like a great idea! suggest it in our community at 
you're welcome.
 currently pac 12 is not available.
looks like a minor increase in the blizz network but nothing that should be causing you issue. 
could you post it here so we can assist you in verifying where the issue is? 
let's take a look. have you had a chance to run a tracert? 
please follow and dm us. 
please run the tracert and post your results.
have you had a chance to run a tracert? 
please follow and dm us. 
we can certainly take a look. have you had a chance to run a tracert?
do you know where your back up battery is located? it may look like this.
are you able to reset the router?
is it doing this on your other tv's as well?
are you connected to wifi at all? some shows are not available outside of your home network as well. 
are you currently on your home network?
what message you getting when you try to stream?
please follow and dm us. 
is it possible we can run this test from a wired connection to see what we are getting there? 
that's strange can you try a different browser and redo the test? 
is this happening on all tv's? it sounds like it could be a setting on the guide that could be skipping it if its not a part of your paid service.
do you know where your back up battery is located?
just to be safe, could you press and hold the alarm silence button on it for 20 seconds so we can reboot it and ten reboot your cable box please. 
when you tune to channel 506 is that what your guide is saying should be on 466? 
seems that channel is in the process of moving. it will match up again within the next couple of days. 
so are you seeing a black screen with the channel information at the bottom?
does that channel appear on your guide?
what message are you receiving when you tune to this channel?
are you stating that 466 is not available to you? 
the broadcaster (wbin) gives us what to put on the guide, we cannot change it.  there might be an out of sync issue however.  unplug an unscrew the coax on the back of your router.  wait 2 min then plug back up.  once the internet comes back do the same to the cable box.
you're welcome.
after testing the trace-routes, there is an issue with blizzards servers right now, it is not on our end. please reach out to them for assistance/updates. 
we're concerned to hear this, omar. is there anything we can help you with? 
contact telephone number. we'll look at it for you. thanks.  
hi omar. please can you dm more information? please include your booking reference, your full name, email address and 
we're so sorry to hear this, tracey. have you managed to speak to our ba holidays team? 
unfortunately we're unable to help you with ba holidays bookings, tracey. we're sorry to disappoint you. 
you would need to speak with our holidays team, tracey. sorry for any inconvenience. 
we're sorry we can't help, but their telephone number is 0344 493 0787 option 1 (calls are charged at local rate). they're open 07:30-20:00^
following link: 
you're more than welcome, cindy. if you need any further help please don't hesitate to come back to us.
the ticket is not reissued quickly enough. the fares team will reissue your change soon. we're sorry for the delay.  
we can try and help kevin. please dm a contact telephone number and time we can contact you. 
hi kevin, i'm sorry we haven't been able to contact you today. i'm afraid you'll need to input your missing baggage information 
through kuwait airlines, which will be why our site isn't accepting your world tracer. it would be best to reach out to them.  
youd need to speak to kuwait airlines directly to discuss reimbursement or compensation. 
therefore, we cannot confirm any information.  
im sorry kevin, but you need to contact kuwait airways. we dont have access to their tracer 
were sorry were unable to you, kevin. the agreement between airlines is the last carrier, is the carrier to assist with delayed baggage.
booking reference, email address and contact telephone number. please also use this link 
reference no. so you  can keep a track of the bag's status. the system is automated and we'll work hard to get your bag back to you.  
hi kevin. if kuwait airlines was the airline who you last traveled with, you would need to contact them regarding your delayed bag. 
which airline operated your last flight, kevin? 
hi kevin, you should have a worldtracer reference number to allow you to view updates. do you have this at all? 
that's great to hear, stephen. we'll pass your lovely comments on. 
hi jake, our short-haul euro traveller cabin operates a buy on board menu, all other flights have complimentary meals. 
we'll make sure your comments are passed on about the catering options we offer, jake. 
hi chris. we protect sellers on the site, if you come across a buyer who you believe is taking advantage of our policies or circumventing them, you can report them: 
shadi, i can help with the box trouble. to get started, please dm your phone or account number and full address.-cp
can you send us a dm when you have a moment?
thank you for bringing this to our attention regarding the on demand issues you've experienced. i am here to help.
aww, happy hallow's eve! 
or halloween, whichever you prefer :).
understood and i'm glad to hear you have a service visit. 
we're here  and are happy to help whenever you're ready.
hi gina. i can help turn those troubles around. send me a dm with your full name, service address and phone number on the account.
hi, i would love to help. please dm me the phone # associated with the account &amp; the service address.
i'd like to ask are you able to send over a dm so i can look into this further?
can you please dm us your account info so we can assist with any connectivity issues?
i'd be happy to assist you with any issues youre having with your internet service. please shoot us a dm so that we can help.
sorry about the trouble setting up new service.  please send us a dm so i can assist.--jv
hello, thanks for reaching out about your concerns and i'm happy to help. can you dm the full address? ~at
our service should be consistent all across the board, stuart. so sorry if you experienced otherwise.
we're glad that our team was able to help, but we appreciate this feedback.
congrats on getting married! we're looking forward to having lots of excited wedding guests. that's a fantastic deal!
whoa, what's going on that you're feeling this way towards us?
it sounds like you had a basic economy ticket. you're only able to have one personal item underneath the seat when you have this ticket type
we're to help! i'm replying to your dm right now :) 
we'd love to provide you all the details, please dm for info! 
not on my watch! shoot me a dm, and i'll save the day! 
we can help with that too!  we're just a dm away :) 
hey paul, its a bummer to hear youre having this issue and not been able to play. please shoot me a dm, ill help you out! 
feel free to leave your feedback &amp; suggestions for cod: wwii at the following link: 
 hi there, please send us a dm for further assistance.  
  if you suspect a player of cheating, please use the in game reporting tool. thanks. 
services are still meeting with delays at preston while the station is closed. 
#vtupdate some lines will be reopened shortly 
cheers fam 
thanks for reaching. you can add your rapid rewards number here: 
we aim to please, alex! your love means the world to us, and we can't wait to share the skies with you again soon! 
it was a pleasure having you onboard, jenn. come back and see us again soon! 
we wouldn't trust anyone else to bring our planes in! thanks for sharing this photo. happy hallown! 
sounds like your halloween is going well, johnny! send us a dm, and we'll send a gift your way.
that flight looks lit! 
oh no! you can add your flights here, rachel: 
we're truly sorry to hear that, hunter. did you file a report with our baggage agents yet? 
we having you onboard, susan! send us a dm, and we'll send a treat your way.
every seat has a story. tweet your favorite southwest story w/ #175stories, and we'll share our favorites! 
thanks for the shout out, carmen! we'll make sure the crew feels the luv for a job well done!  see you again soon! 
we tend to have a spook-tacular time at work! hope to see you onboard soon. 
this is the version we're able to offer from the content provider, but we'll be sure to share your feedback!
hi, mike! we post content as received by the provider. if you let us know ep #'s and more details, we'd be happy to investigate.
not a problem. i would suggest checking back as engineering works can mean services are altered. phil.
upgrade work is taking place though december. the timetable is being revised and is expected to be confirmed by the end of the week. phil.
good day, please disregard the text message that you are receiving concerning your device being ready to pick.
great! have you registered at 
hello, i will be glad to answer any questions you have about your account or you bill. please send me a dm.
hi eric .booking is already confirmed.thanks-emir
kindly dm us full name,email and flight details. we will get it checked in more details. thanks
hi there, sorry about this. may we have the screenshot of the payment slip to forward to relevant team. thank you.
hi there, there is no payment transaction has been made on your booking number and it is expired.
sorry, did you receive your order or manage to speak with anybody?
hi, can you dm me with your account name, address, telephone number and email? ty andrew
they're absolutely fresh, but we don't make those in-restaurant by hand.
we make our chips by hand, every single day. i'm sorry for any frustration they're an extra charge.
it's definitely in the running.
thanks for stopping by!
that's troublesome to see. please tell us more here: 
nicely done!
as long as everything fits comfortably inside your meal, it'll be the $3.
it's not a halloween prank  i'm sorry. we turned it off for the boorito promotion tonight.
i'm confident it'll be worth the wait!
yas! i love it.
i'd be a sad cone, too. i'm sorry. let a manager know about this next time you're in so we can make amends.
we should have a couple of those available.
hi there, i apologize for the delayed response. the issue is being looked into.  
please try uninstalling / reinstalling cod: wwii. i know this may take some time but keep me updated on the results. 
can you please try resetting your modem / router and clearing your console's cache (
hey there, are you having issues with your wwii code? shoot me a dm, ill be happy to help!
hey lili, were aware and working on this, hopefully it gets resolve asap. have a great one! 
 hi there, please send us a dm for further assistance.  
 and it will continue to become more common to find yourself in a fully populated hq. 
 we are currently in the process of testing hq around the world, 
hey matt, apologizes for the late reply. we are experiencing a high volume of contacts.  
i'm sorry to hear this. please let our team know at the link:  
that seems odd. please tell us more here: 
online ordering is turned off tonight for our annual boorito promo, but it'll be back on tomorrow.
we always welcome suggestions to improve here: 
thanks for coming in! what did you get?
it's shut off tonight for our annual boorito promotion, but it'll be turned back on tomorrow.
i'm pleased to hear you received it on time. if there is anything else that you need help with please let us know.
hi robyn, sorry for the delay in getting back to you. can you please confirm if the delivery was made successfully? thanks
thanks katie, i've fed this back for review with the relevant team. hope you have a great time. maclaine
i'm sorry about this katie. can you let me know what store you shop in please so i can log this for internal review? shaun
it is showing that this package was left at the front door. please dm us your complete address.  
please reach our financial services group at 888-780-3962. 
ouch! we want you to upgrade at the best price, randy! send us a dm so we can chat about your options! 
we are right here for you and ready to take a closer look. i want to be sure you are able to enjoy your tuesday goodies. send us a dm and we can check this out. 
adrianne, that's definitely a crazy situation and we want to do everything we can to help. send us a dm! 
i am here to help you look into option are reducing cellular costs. click 
i am here for you and i want to go over the details of this promotion. click 
hey, claudia, i am for sure wanting to help you out today we totally understand doing it in the store getting it right there and then 
we can help you order your new phone, claudia! dm us here so we can help out. 
you should be able to take advantage of our offers. click on my picture 
please power cycle your network devices and try again:
please start your system in safe mode and select restore default settings. steps here: 
please follow us on twitter and let us know once you do, so we can send you a dm.
do you receive this error when accessing a specific game?
psn is online. please let us know the error code or message you receive when you try to sign in to the psn.
hi marteen, please make sure you are following us, so we can assist you better via a direct message.
hello there, sorry to hear about the inconveniences, are you getting an error message or an error code?
alright! tweet us back if you need further assistance
you are welcome!
good afternoon, can you try clearing your cache? this link will have the steps 
that's good news, if you need assistance in the future then feel free to reach out. have a good one! 
which os are you using? do you have any recording of this issue so we can investigate further? 
did you import the images as embedded and sidecar preview option in the import window?   
also try resetting your preferences: 
hi derrick, do you have hex codes you could share for that gradient so i can try and replicate on my end? 
hello, chris. let's investigate this. are you still experiencing the issue? what troubleshooting steps have you tried so far?
yikes! just to clarify, which device are you using? let's continue this troubleshooting via dm. we'll wait for you. 
hi there, we're here to help! please dm us with your email and more details, thank you.
they're good aren't they luke! we've got into the spirit at the office here as well  
hey sandra, we still operate yes. when were you looking at flying? 
at that time we have weekly flights on tues 5 &amp; 12 june 
yes from london gatwick sandra 
just checking in, are you still seeing this with your account? tweet us any time for official xbox support! 
if you order the game before the launch date you should get all pre-order bonuses for the game that are eligible. 
thanks for reaching out! could you let us know what's specifically is going on so we might be able to help? 
if you need help with this, let us know! we're official xbox support &amp; we'd be happy to help 
hello! if you're seeing achievement issues, we recommend the steps over in our guide here  
not sure we follow. could you follow us back &amp; dm your gamertag when you get a chance? 
hi, we can not speculate on the reasoning why you they are not. 
hi! are you still seeing this with the connection in-game? if you need help tweet us for official xbox support 
hey there, are you still seeing this in the game? if you need help official xbox support is just an away! 
recommend contacting the coalition studio here: 
hi there, for a specific in-game reward issue such as with xp, we  1 
for the airtime to be reversed ed,we need the whole amount or 
hi, kindly top up some airtime to 0729** to enable reversal.
hello,kindly advise the recipient to top up as we need full amount to reverse.
where is it you are travelling from?
these service appear to be running fine this coming sunday
hi there, we has respond you via dm, see you there!- anwar
hi, i am not familiar with this catalogue what was the title of it please? laurence.
you can check our website for all our offers and stock. marc
there is a furn20 code running at the moment
(save 20% when you spend over 200 on indoor furniture)
can you send me the email please asking if you want one
can you un delete it. check the deleted folder
ok but i dont think there are any additional vouchers in this one, this year. marc
sorry we ran out of some essentials. where did you visit?
happy to help! please confirm your email address or phone number through direct message so we can further assist.
happy to take a look. send us a dm (direct message) with your email address so we can connect.
i'm sorry you're going to miss it! i know you'll find a new favorite soon, though.
i'm sorry you're going to miss it. i hope you can find your new fave soon!
that's unfortunate. how would we be able to help?
i'm sorry that happened. do you happen to have the address of that restaurant so i can follow up with the right team?
thanks. i'll get in touch with our team.
i'd call that a salsa sista.
we really appreciate you letting us know. i know things will turn around soon.
you should hear back either tomorrow or monday.
i'm sorry to hear that. can you please let our team know at the link?  
i'm really sorry to hear about this. i'll follow up with our team so we can make your future visits stellar!
i know the feeling.
i'm really sorry that happened. please reach out to our team at the link:  
i'll go ahead and follow up with our team there. i'm glad you still enjoyed it though!
rice, sour cream, and cheese should be a three-pointer. where did this happen?
that's the truth. it's just such a great option!
i'm sorry to hear that. please always feel free to ask for a bit more.
enjoy the nov/dec 2017 issue!!
we suggest you contact the store location that called. thanks!
i apologize for any confusion, what part of our price for life are you getting different information about?
hello! will you please dm us with your account number so we can better assist you?
hello ben, i would be more than happy to assist you. please send me a dm.
hello david! will you please dm us with your account number so we can better assist you?
can you please dm us so we can get more information? thanks!
hi andrew, we're not aware of any ongoing issues. can you provide some more info about the issues you're having? corey
i'm very sorry andrew. what store does this happen in? dan
we're so sorry your order is late, kris! please dm us your contact info and store address. thank you!
could you dm us a number or email you can be reached at? thanks!
we're terribly sorry your order arrived this way! please dm us your contact info and store address. thank you!
we're sorry your order is late, heather! please dm us your contact info and store address. thank you!
we're sorry your order is late! please dm us your contact info and store address. thank you!
hi, chris! is one pan crust?
pans only come in mediums at this time.
we love being your airline of choice, hannah! please dm your rapid rewards # for some extra love.  
hi, lorenzo! yes, children are able to sign up for rapid reward accounts. 
please know one email address can be associated with multiple accounts. 
this isn't something we have a work around for. you may need to use an alternate address and update it later. 
no, my earlier message was correct. several families have the same address associated with multiple accounts. 
you got it. 
hmm, we may need to take a closer look, carolyn. feel free to dm your confirmation number. 
we're glad we could help with some good ol karaoke! we hope you sing your heart out and we look forward to having you onboard for the ride. 
hey, colin. did you file a lost and found report yet? if not, please do so here: 
you're very welcome, colin! 
we never like to hear you're disappointed, alison. feel free to reach back out once you complete travel, so we can follow-up with you regarding your experience. we appreciate your patience in the meantime. 
hey, anthony. sorry if we haven't dialed you back, yet. if your concern is something we can handle via our social media channels, we'd love the opportunity to try. dm us your confirmation number and your concern and we'll go from there. thanks! 
heidi, your kind words warm our heart! we always love having you onboard, and we look forward to many more great flights together.please dm your rapid rewards account number for a little surprise!  
every seat has a story. tweet your favorite southwest story w/ #175stories, and we'll share our favorites!
looks like that sunset over denver just photobombed our winglet. either way, the results are pretty great! thanks for sharing, neil. 
hello there, i saw your tweet. do you need help with something specific? pls let me know (no account number).  
we received your dm and have responded to it. thanks. 
we received and have responded to your dm. thanks. 
sorry to learn about this. were you able to speak with a banker about your card? if you still need assistance, dm us the relevant details, your name, address, and phone number. for your protection, don't mention account numbers.  
i'm sorry to hear of any frustration. i have answered your dm, please check your messages. 
thanks for the feedback. i'll pass it along to the proper support team. have a great day. 
oh no! did we miss the expected delivery date from your confirmation e-mail here: 
can you please tell me the location of the branch you went to? i'd like to look into this matter further. 
thank you for the information, todd. i will pass this along and i'll have a specialist reach out to you. pls dm us your name and phone number. thanks.  
i'll do my best to help, andrew. send us a dm with more details about what happened along with your full name, address, and phone number (no account number).  
click on the link provided to send us a dm please with more information about your experience as we value the chance to address your concern (no account number).  
without sharing account numbers, please tell me what happened to cause you to feel this way, marshall. i can review your concern and do my best to help.  
i'd like to have a better understanding of your situation. please dm us and share more info about what occurred (no account number).  
tell us what happened so we can look into what we can do to help. please don't mention account numbers. 
what happened to cause your frustration? tell me more about your situation and i'll do my best to address your concern. pls send us a dm (no account number).  
please tell me what's going on and i'll do my best to help. 
apologies for the inconvenience. please call 1-800-869-3557 to have this rectified. let me know if you need further assistance. 
i'm truly sorry to hear this. for future reference, call us so that we can take note of this and prevent any inconvenience. let me know if there's something else i can help you with. 
i saw your tweet and you appear to be frustrated, samira. please tell me what happened to cause you to feel this way (no account number).  
please tell us more about what happened in a dm along with your full name, address, and phone number (no account number).  
thanks for bringing this to our attention, julieta. i'll be sure to relay this to our support team. please dm us with the location of your servicing branch, along with your full name, phone number, and address.  
hi, julieta. i'd like to review your concern. please tell me more about what happened (no account number). 
hi there. i suggest that you call 1-800-956-4442 immediately for assistance from a banker. you can get back to us if further review is needed. 
what made you upset? please tell me and i'll do my best to help. 
let me try to help. please dm us your full name, phone number, address, and type of account you have without mentioning any account number.  
what happened? i can look into your concern and try to help. 
i'm sorry for the trouble! let's go over your available options here:  
alexa is a free download you will need to set-up your new amazon echo! you can learn more here: 
uh oh! if you can't recover it, please reach out to us here and we'll see what options are available: 
0120-999-373et
i'm sorry. we can't access your account via twitter. for assistance, please reach us here: 
we want our team to investigate this further with you. please reach out to us using the secure link: 
i'm so sorry for the frustration, luis. we should absolutely be able to help! please contact us using the link tn provided. 
i'm sorry for the challenge signing in. please use the link from above again so that we can help. keep us updated! 
please reach out to us directly here: 
sorry you're having problems logging in. please let us know which amazon site you are using (.com .es). thanks. 
oh no! have you had a chance to report this to us: 
i'm sorry for the poor experience, skylar. were you given a reason for the delay? check here: 
to confirm, what does the latest tracking update show? please check here: 
i'm very sorry about your lost package, lodi! we'd like to help! please reach out to us here: 
we want to help! what model of ios device are you using? do you have the most recent version of ios 11.1 downloaded?
thanks for letting us know. we'd like to take a further look into this. please send us a dm, and we'll continue there. 
let's investigate this together. does this only occur when using specific apps or website?
we're glad to hear that resolved the issue. don't hesitate to reach out to us if you have any questions. take care.
we want to help. does restarting help at all? dm us which ios version you're on and we'll continue support there. 
we're here for you. what is the exact version of the ios you're running? check by tapping settings &gt; general &gt; about.
are all of your apps updated as well?
we'd be happy to look into this with you further. dm us using the link below and we'll go from there. 
we know how important it is to be able to view your photos. are you able to see older photos on your iphone?
we appreciate those details. for more help with photos, please reach out to our photos experts here: 
we're here to help. send us a dm with the ios version number you're on. we'll follow up there. 
lets work together on this behavior. how long has this been happening? also, which device are you using?
does that continue after restarting your iphone? do you have any other ios devices or a mac computer? let us know in dm. 
we want to make sure you have a working battery. have you had a chance to update to the latest 11.1?
let's look into this further in dm. 
we'd like to have you backup and update your iphone to ios 11.1 and let us know if that helps: 
sounds good. let us know the results in dm and we'll continue working with you there. thanks again. 
we offer support via twitter in english. contact us for help in your preferred language here: 
we want your apple watch to keep up with you at the gym. to begin, which watchos is installed?
we'd like to help. let's take this to dm and we'll explore ways to provide you assistance. 
we'd like to help. what ios version are you on?
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address and more details so we can follow up.
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can connect.
here to help! contact us here; 
here to help. send us a note at 
here to help! please send us a dm with your email address with details so we can follow up.
also, can you let me know what time this was around so i can question this? kind regards 
hi rob, oh my! i can see why this has bothered you. can you please provide a name or description of the colleagues 
hi there, i am so sorry to learn about this. if possible would you be able to dm us and elaborate on this issue? ty
hi shannon, sorry to hear this, i understand how frustrating this must be. i'd like to look in to this further for you 
hi raymond, i'm unsure why this change has been applied but i'd be happy to query this for you if you'd like? 
gracias por la informacin, quirino.
por favor, contacta con nuestros colegas de servicio al cliente para una atencin personalizada y puedan darte informacin precisa sobre tu paquete.
lo puedes hacer a travs del siguiente enlace: 
nos alegra saberlo quirino! te agradecemos que nos hayas contactado y esperamos que puedas disfrutar de tu compra. quedamos a tu servicio. saludos!  
quirino al ingresar al correo de confirmacin de compra te aparecer un enlace en el cual esta el nmero de gua de tu pedido. tambin puedes utilizar la siguiente informacin para contactar con el transportista:  
hola, quirino! lamentamos cualquier confusin generada, te has puesto en contacto con el transportista asignado a la entrega? 
i'm sorry for the frustration! we'd like to investigate and escalate this to the correct team. please send us your details here: 
i'm sorry for the ongoing trouble with your deliveries! have you had a chance to contact us about this: 
thanks for the additional information. keep us posted on the arrival of your packages! let us know if you have any further questions. 
hi there, i am pleased to say that yes the store will be doing a midnight release as it is a 24 hour store. thanks
it will generally be made available for purchase. it's first come first serve.
could you dm me a description of the colleague you spoke with as well as a time you were in the store? thanks 
i have responded to your dm kirsty. ty
hey there, i see exactly what you mean, there is certainly nothing welcoming about that. 
thanks for sharing your feedback with us travis. we will be sure to share your concerns with leadership. 
my apologies, wendy. you may call reservations at one of the worldwide locations listed here: 
hi, lia! thanks for reaching out. if you can please dm us here, i'd be happy to assist you.   
hey! we have more info about this here: 
we hear you. we cant make any promises but well pass your feedback onto the right folks /rh
we understand. don't worry, we'll let the right team know it's something you'd like to see again /ns
hey paula, we appreciate your feedback! don't worry, we'll let our devs know this is something you'd like to see again /gk
we're sorry if you feel that way. in any case, we appreciate your feedback on this. feel free to tweet us if there's anything else /gk
hey! the cavalry's here. could you confirm the ios and spotify version you're using? we'll see what we can suggest /kb
got it. is this happening on 3g/4g, wifi, or both? do you get the same issue when you use spotify on other devices? /kb
are you getting any error messages when it happens? is it happening when you're using earphones, or even without them? /pl
we understand. can you check if the steps here do the trick: 
hmm. can you dm us your account's email address or username? we'll take a look backstage /km 
hey lauren! can you dm us your account's email address or username? we'll take a look /ns 
2: with anything else. 
hey, help's here! can you try logging in on another device or the web player (
hey there! can you tell us more about what's happening exactly? we'll see what we can suggest /ar
thanks for the info. could you try logging out &gt; restarting your device &gt; logging back in to see if it helps? keep us posted /ar
glad to hear everything's working okay now. if there's anything else we can help you with, just give us a... 
hey there! can you let us know which device and operating system you're using? we'll see what we can suggest /nq
can you let us know your flight number? we'd like to feed this back?  
we understand how this impacts on your day and were genuinely sorry.
that's strange, amy. sorry for the confusion caused. 
please accept our apologies, amy. ba1441 was delayed due to a late incoming aircraft. 
we're so jealous. we wish we could have got a cuddle too. thanks for your post. 
booking reference, email address and contact telephone number . 
hi colin, so pleased you and your teapot had a great flight with us. we hope we can welcome you both on board again soon.
your date of birth. we can contact our executive team who will be in contact to help as soon as possible . 
we're pleased to hear you've been able to contact our executive club team, kelly. please let us know if we can help you with anything 
hi there, you can still travel as long as you declared you won't have the card with you upon booking your trip.
happy halloween, joe. thanks for your fantastic post. we hope you had an amazing evening. 
you're welcome, mark. we'll pass on your lovely comments. 
we're disappointed to hear you're flight was delayed, amy. we're sorry you didn't receive much communication. 
hi daniel, we wouldn't offer a complimentary upgrade for a cancelled flight. who advised you to contact us? 
please use this link 
hi tony. an issue has been reported to our faults team. i apologise the inconvenience caused. if you would like to contact us, 
we don't like to hear this, chris. did you report the damage within 7 days of receiving your bags? 
hi chris, when you were speaking to someone about this did they give you any reference number? 
flexibility on this. please dm us your reference, full name and email address. thanks.  
we can have a look at this, chris. however, if the damage hasn't been reported within 7 days of receiving the bag, we don't have any 
booking reference, email address and contact telephone number . 
we're sorry you're unhappy with the catering service on board your flight, sierra. can you let us know your flight number? 
hi sierra. again, we're sorry youre unhappy with our catering service. if you can, please send dm with your full name, 
 we're unaware of any issues indur. did you manage to get through to us? you'd usually have a discount showing under 'bolt ons' within your my o2 account: 
ah, no worries  keep us informed. we're always happy to help.
please erase your last tweet as it was sent publicly.  we can continue this conversation via dm.--jv
i can help with any issues you're having. would you please send us a dm with your account info?--jv
hello. please, dm me your full address so i can provide an update on your services for you. thanks.-jc
hi, i am sorry to hear about the internet issues. can you please dm me your address or phone number so i can help?
i can look into your service issues. please dm me your account info and i will be happy to help.
hello! just checking in to see if you still want to cancel xfinity services.
thanks for reaching back out to us! if your item is not eligible for replacement, you can still return the item for a full refund instead. you can view your replacement and/or return options here: 
i'm sorry your items arrived in these conditions. let's explore your return or replacement options here: 
i'd like to have a member of our team ensure this is escalated to the correct teams for investigation. when you have a moment, please send us as many details as possible here: 
we'd like to make sure this is addressed, eric. would you tell us more about what happened? 
i understand your frustration! our team would like a chance to address this concern. at your convenience, include your details here: 
i'm truly sorry for the inconvenience! we don't have access to your account via twitter. we'd like to help if we can. please connect with us here so we can assist you: 
i'm so sorry to hear your order was scanned as delivered when it wasn't. we'd like to help if we can. just to confirm, who's the carrier shown on your order here: 
i'm sorry for the frustration! we'd love to help but are unable to access your amazon account via twitter. you can view the latest tracking information for your order, including if it has shipped, here: 
if you would like to contact our support team via phone, please give us a call so we can review these details with you: 1-866-216-1072. 
i'm sorry you have received your item! can you please tell us the intended delivery date stated in your order confirmation e-mail? 
i'm sorry for this wait. has the tracking information on your order updated: 
amazon(o*_)o
very strange! is your friend able to replicate the issue on his app? you might also need to try uninstalling and reinstalling the app.  
('' )('')( '')
appreciate your kind words, dhiraj. enjoy your weekend. :) 
you're welcome dhiraj. :)
oh no! i'm sorry to hear your order hasn't arrived! have you had a chance to contact us about this issue? if so, what options were we able to provide? we want to make sure this issue has been resolved for you! 
we'd like to help in any way we can, juan! i've enabled direct messaging. without providing personal or account information, please tell us a little more about what's going on.  
thanks for the information. we've responded to your dm. 
kindly reach out our support team here: 
puedes tambin comunicarte a travs del siguiente enlace de contacto para que se revise tu caso: 
hola! lamentamos cualquier molestia ocasionada, puedes contarnos lo sucedido? 
hola val damon. puedes hacer una prueba gratuita de prime video si nunca lo has usado. accesa este enlace:  
awesome! enjoy! 
please try asking alexa to stop playing your music, and then ask her to play your music again, but without referencing the "multi-room music group" you were previously using: 
gotcha- let us know if you haven't heard back from them on tuesday. 
can you tell us when this information was submitted? account specialists can take up to 2 business days to investigate an account when the information has been sent. 
did information get sent to our accounts specialists to look into when you contacted in? 
thanks for letting us know about this, jon. we're here to help! we can be reached  here: 
bei unzustellbaren sendungen wird gewhnlich nach bearbeitung der retoure eine erstattung veranlasst. den grund knnen wir von hier aus leider nicht einsehen. bei fragen hierzu kannst du dich gerne per e-mail/telefon an unseren kundenservice wenden. schnen abend 
listen ad-free with unlimited skips with music unlimited. stream on!! 
prime shipping refers to transit time after your orders ship, in working days. some orders require additional processing and handling. the delivery date shown at checkout is the most accurate.  
some deliveries may take slightly longer than usual. you can read more information on here: 
hi there, i'm sorry for the delivery troubles! just to confirm, are you trying to place an order right now, or is this an ongoing issue? are we missing the promised delivery dates here: 
hello, let me do some research on the account to see what is causing this problem. please dm for assistance, thank you.
we're glad that our team was able to help. have a fantastic evening!
please meet me back in dm. we'll work on this together. 
we've received your dm &amp; i just responded. i look forward to chatting. 
we sure can send us a dm and we can chat! we are here for you :)  
oh no! even with tapping the link and then the box in the link? let's try again! 
oh wow! that's no good at all! i appreciate you reaching out! shoot me a dm, i'm your savior! 
oh my! send me a dm so we can go over this happening. 
of course, brandon. dm us, we'll be happy to help answer all your questions. 
i hear you loud and clear angie! shoot me a dm, and we can voice your concerns! 
we appreciate you bringing this to our attention, aten. dm us. we'll need to gather a few details. 
yes we would love to help you out! send me a dm and we can get started. 
that's heart breaking to hear that your leg is broken! send me a dm so we can see about #netflixonus 
it might be a number of things, please dm so we can take a closer look. 
hey! i want you to get thanked! :d shoot me a dm here 
we'd love to take a closer look at what's happening. please dm so we can help! 
definitely hear you. lisa. shoot us a dm here and we'll take a closer look at coverage and talk specifics.  
excellent!  if you have any questions just let us know, we're always a dm away :) 
love seeing that projection! enjoy that device and mods! send a dm if you ever need us. :) 
i apologize for the wait, nerissa. be sure to see any of our customer service agents, and they will issue our baggage service guarantee voucher.
aaahhh, i see now. i'm sorry to hear about the baggage issue. i'm guessing they found it and tagged it for a later flight?
hi harley, i'm sorry to hear about your delay. can you message me your confirmation code?
happy to be there and enjoying all the sights and sounds!
sorry for the delay, crystal. but i'm glad our team is making sure everything is clean and good to go for you!
no harm in asking! :)
hey dot, oh my gosh that is horrible timing! i wish we could broadcast it live, but if you tweet at us here, we'll provide you score updates as it goes?
well i'm sure i speak for most of western washington when i say thanks for trying! : )
welcome back to seattle! couldn't get the sun to come with you?
thank you for sharing, eric! i love hearing stories like this about our team :) thanks for flying with us!
i'm thinking since we only have that one flight a day. the plane comes in from seattle. deplanes and re-boards with new guests. all the crew and agents are ready to go! we like flying and we love being on time!
yeah, looks about 3 mins behind schedule.
hey, do i understand that the flight is closed already?
hey, great question, and i honestly knot sure if we will stay or go.
great flights and views! #mostwestcoast #bettertogether
hi jim, can you dm me your confirmation code and some more information about what happened? 
no tricks and all treats with us, michelle! thanks for choosing southwest. 
sounds like a home run, travis! glad we could get you where you need to be safe and sound. 
hey, cheryl! our team is aware of this and looking into making those 5 episodes available on all devices asap!
we're sorry to hear this! if you're having any issues, please let us know the details and the device in use. we're here to help.
sorry for the delayed reply! if you're still running into trouble, let us know the device in use and try: 
if you're still having trouble logging in after troubleshooting please contact us here for real-time help: 
hi, aj! we don't have a timeline, but keep the show in wl/my stuff and stay tuned to: 
yikes! any specific show that's freezing and dialogue is out of sync? what device is in use? try: 
that's no fun! we are happy to help. what generation of apple tv do you use? have you tried any troubleshooting steps?
hi ange. which model iphone was it, what was the colour and background image? where on board was it left? phil.
 please also make a report at 
hopefully so're most welcome. phil.
hi ange, staff at oxford checked the train last night but unfortunately no phone was found on board. 
no problem ange. :) rach
you can report it as lost on our partner website 
 they will contact me with an update which i can share with you tomorrow.
 thanks ange. i have asked colleagues at oxford to take a look on board when the train arrives.
i'm so sorry about that. please tell us more so we can help: 
lookin' good!
agreed. what did you wear as your costume?
you're very welcome, my friend.
my apologies for any frustration, but it'll be back on tomorrow.
yes! with chips is my favorite.
i'm sorry for any frustration. we turned off online ordering tonight for our boorito promo.
we appreciate the shout out!
hopefully we'll zip through the line quickly.
there's no better way to celebrate.
thanks for stopping by!
your. kiddo! she's seriously the sweetest. thanks so much for sharing.
i love this tradition! i have confidence the costumes will keep getting better and better.
that bowl looks booritoful!
go pack go! nicely done.
that's correct.
yeah, buddy! thanks for stopping by.
i like your style.
i like where your head's at.
ha! well played.
it absolutely should be. please write to us here: 
thanks so much, and you should hear back from us soon.
heck yeah! thanks for stopping by.
that's troubling to hear. please provide more details: 
that doesn't sound good. please tell us more here: 
i dig it. we appreciate you stopping by!
sad browns fan, for sure.
i'm glad the burrito was delicious. and you're right  there's always next year. 
i can't believe that, either. i'm so sorry. please tell us more so we can help: 
well played, my friends.
online ordering is turned off for our boorito promotion. my apologies for any frustration.
we should zip through everyone quickly!
truth! thanks so much for the shout out.
hey! we would need to see what offers are available to you. send us a dm so we can further assist you.
our customer service reps at 800-892-4357 should be able to assist with that
you're welcome.
you can dm us directly but no worries. i am submitting the request.
please remove that from public. i have the information though.
thanks rachel. we'll take a look into this and be back in touch as soon as we have more information! reid
hi rachel, what's your local store? i'll look into this for you. steven
oh no! sorry about this will. which store did you buy these from? i'll get this sorted for you. robbie
thanks will. can you dm us your nectar card number via the link please? we'll pop on a refund and feed this back. lauren 
great! glad it's sorted for you.....
sorry to hear this can get in touch with us here &gt; 
hi team aims to reply within 24 hours :) thanks
what color are the lights on the router?
we sincerely would like to keep you as a customer. 
 no problem. please follow the steps in the next link for issues downloading additional content: 
here to help! please provide us with more details of this issue in order to assist you better.
sorry to hear that! we have sent you a direct message via twitter with further instructions.
hi arvid, once an account has been created the online id can't be changed, more details here: 
psn status indicator stop shop for checking the status of psn and specific services: 
hi there, check the following article to receive further details about the process with banned accounts: 
te hemos enviado un mensaje privado con instrucciones a traves de twitter.
hola. por favor siguenos a traves de twitter para poder enviarte un mensaje privado con instrucciones.
here to help!  check out the next article for problems redeeming a voucher code: 
sorry to know that. please follow the steps in the next link: 
hi there,glad to assist!  sorry to hear that, are you using a ps4 or a ps3? let us know more details!
for further investigation please discuss this in our community forums, here: 
hi there. that option is not available. please submit your feedback and ideas, here: 
have a discount code? learn how to redeem it here: 
 with us, please feel free to send us a dm.  
then lets take a look at what triggered the restriction. dm your full name, email address, and registered postal code. 
motors &amp; local pickup only are a little different  but all other items should show details in the pictures. if its () 
contact info can be exchanged after payment has been submitted through ebay, but not before. () 
we want to ensure ebay is safe and we can only protect our members if the conversation is kept on the site. 
sorry for any confusion! dm = direct message. 
we're always here to help and we want you to have a great experience! send us a dm with more information and we'll review. 
oh! we place great emphasis on customer service.if you have any situation you need support, we're happy to check it if dm us 
not as described once received, we offer protection with our money back guarantee. () 
chuck, we do not have an estimated time of repair. thank you for your patience!
we do apologize for the inconvenience and hope to have it restored soon as we can. = jj
@117025, power we will not be able to provide any clear updates.  = jj
@117025, this outage is due to commercial power where our signal transmitter is located is out. until the power company can restore 
thank you for understanding. should info become available, it will be here:
 you're welcome. if you have any other questions or concerns, please feel free to reach back out to us.
@117026, you have posted your address publicly please delete the post and resend in a dm.  = jj 
hi kellen, please dm us your full name and street address so i can check your area.
hi anthony, i can look into this. please dm us your full name and street address. thanks.
please bring a primary identification such as a valid passport along with a secondary form of id. 
you may visit a local financial center to open a checking account. 
hello, please send us your full name/zip/phone #/so our social care team can follow up with you. thank you. 
ds la cration d'un compte paypal, vous pouvez enregistrer votre compte bancaire, ajouter de l'argent sur votre solde paypal et faire vos paiements en toute scurit. voici un lien utile : 
hello gordon! will you please dm us with your account number so we can better assist you?
we'll be glad to credit for the time without service once you're restored, taylor, but can't pay for the class unfortunately.
hi! i'd be glad to address any service or billing issues with you. please dm me, and i'll be able to assist further from there.
i called and left a message for you. please return my call at the number provided or dm me when you are available.  
thank you for the info. we will follow up with you. 
if you need help with your xbox, we're just an away! tweet us any time for official xbox support 
if you need help with this, let us know! we're official xbox support &amp; we'd be happy to help 
if you need help with this game on xbox one, we'd be happy to help! tweet us for official xbox support 
hi, you'll need to log full details here 
hi, if you would like to cancel a pre-order, you can reach out to our chat team here. 
there is an incident at preston causing disruption to services through lancaster. more info here: 
hi phillip, which station is it you will be travelling to from southampton central?
is it just a day ticket you are wanting?
i've had a look into it, you can't get a ticket to zones 1-4 i'm afraid, you will need to purchase a sou 1-6 ticket
this link will be updated with information throughout the disruption, please check here: 
hello, trains are currently being delayed by up to 60 minutes or cancelled, disruption is expected until the end of the day
sorry about that, can you tell us which store this was and we can pass your feedback over for you?
thanks very much. we'll get that sent over
hi there, do you have a particular order for delivery that you are referring to? ~debs
have you had an issue i can help you with? ~ ellen
how can i help? ~ ellen
hello! we do not have access to fleet information via this channel, our apologies! someone from that team will get back to you soon.
hello! can you provide us with a screenshot of what you're seeing?
can you dm us so we can look into this for you?
hey callie! can you dm us the email on your account so we can investigate this?
can you dm us so we can look into this for you?
we are live here on twitter! can you dm us with your account email?
can you dm us so we can check this out?
can you dm us so we can look into this for you?
yes! can you dm us the email on your account please?
can you dm us with your account email so we can check this out for you?
can you dm us so we can look into this for you?
can you dm us so we can check this out?
that doesn't seem right! please provide which store you visited and then we can reach out to the store leadership team.
please dm the tracking number, contact number, and full details, if you needed assistance. 
we love it, you rock! 
i do apologize that you feel this way. if you need assistance please dm us your concern.  
we can look in to this for you. please dm us your tracking number, phone number, and full address. 
hi amanda, thank you for this feedback. 
hi alex, we are so sorry for the service interruption, please check 
i'm sorry to hear that, kayla. please dm once you're restored for that credit for the time down, though. we're here to help.
feel free to dm if you'd like assistance with anything, nelson. we're here to help.
i'd be glad to test the line and help if i can if you'll dm your account number, stephanie.
hello kevin! will you please dm us with your account number so we can better assist you?
i'll help if i can, chris. can you dm the specifics of what you're inquiring about?
hello jeff! will you please dm us with your account number so we can better assist you?
hi! if there is anything we can assist you, send us a dm to @doordash_help!!!
please send us a direct message at with your email address, and we'll check on your order status.
hello i would like to assist you. please send me a dm with your order number. thank you!-nick
hello i would be happy to assist you. can you please dm me your order number?-n
unless you were looking how to configure, then this should help! 
this might help! 
looks good! the dev team constantly monitors the feedback forums for ways to improve the platform. 
zainda, nos comentaras, ya entraste en contacto con nuestro servicio de atencin al cliente? 
ol, h.o! no momento no temos previso, mas qualquer novidade ser anunciada diretamente no nosso site e redes sociais. 
please share your details here: 
apologies for this unpleasant experience. i'd like to take a closer look.  
() ... please reach out to us for real-time troubleshooting here: 
i'm sorry, i see we do have both episodes available. can you let us know which device you are streaming this on? 
i'd recommend restarting your fire stick by unplugging it from the tv and wall outlet. if that doesn't work... ()
we know not having service is ruff, but dogs make everything better!   
thank you, alisondra, for being one of our amazing customers! 
i'm sorry for the wait! please let us know if it does not arrive by 8pm. we want to make sure you receive the order. 
thank you for reaching out. we've received your dm and will continue working with you there.
got it. we recommend updating your watch os, then testing to see if the issue persists. if the problem continues, reach back out.
got it. have you updated your apple watch to 4.1 yet?
does this issue happen with all applications or only some?  let us know in dm. 
we'd be happy to look into this with you more in detail.  please reach out to us via dm and we'll get started. 
we'd be happy to help. check out this link to for more information: 
getting the expected performance from your iphone is very important to us. let us know the exact ios version to get started.
lets work together on this. how long has this been happening? do you experience similar behavior with siri?
we'll be happy to take a look into it with you. please send us a dm with what version of ios you have. 
thanks for reaching out. if you're having issues, we'd like to assist. dm us and we'll continue there. 
thanks for getting back to us. we apologize but aren't understanding the issue at hand. please dm us. 
we offer support via twitter in english. contact us for help in your preferred language here: 
we're here to help. which version of ios is installed on your device? you'll see this in settings &gt; general &gt; about.
we'd like to assist as best we can. do you mean ios 11.1 which was released today?
have you tried resetting the keyboard dictionary yet? if not, go to settings &gt; general &gt; reset &gt; reset keyboard library
heres what you can do to work around the issue until its fixed in a future software update: 
we'll help in any way we can. was this on an 
some accounts may create separate folders for your drafts. if you're still having trouble, please dm us here: 
we are here to help. so we can best isolate the cause, could you verify your exact ios version? 
got it. from here, let's update to ios version 11.1, then test to see if the issue persists: 
we'd love to help. let's work together in dm. 
when are you looking to travel? 
if you could dm your journey details/booking reference we can take a look in to this and reserve the spaces where possible  
here to help! send us a note at 
find out more info about getting your invoice here: 
we're so sorry about that! please dm us your email address so we can further assist.
here to help! check out 
sorry to hear about that! send us a note at 
hi, we no longer offer personal unsecured loans. pls visit 
please visit
hello, we saw your twitter post. is there anything we can do to help? 
id like to know more. please use the link below to send us your name/zip/phone and ill call.  
we saw that you mentioned us, jr. do you have an account related concern or inquiry? 
please send us your full name/zip/phone #/account type so our social care team can call you .
we would need to speak with you via phone to further discuss your concerns. 
for security purposes and protection of your account, we will not be able to communicate via email. 
it was a pleasure speaking with you today. please feel free to reach out anytime further assistance may be needed. 
thank you for the info. a member of our social care team will follow up with you. 
hello, wed be happy to give you a call to talk to you about your concerns. 
greetings! would you mind following us and sending a dm when you are so we can gather more info?  
that's great to hear! feel free to reach out should you have future xbox support questions! happy gaming :) 
are you able to send invites currently? if you still need help official xbox support is just an away! 
are you able to update your games currently? we're official xbox support &amp; we'd be happy to help! 
hello! is there anything xbox related that we can help you with today?  
hello @117128, kindly assist with stated issue. thank you. .
hello @117128, kindly assist with stated issue. thank you. .
hello @117128, kindly assist with stated issue. thank you. .
hello @117129, apologies on your experience. please note that the service has been deactivated as requested. thank you. 
 her destination will likely already be in place and should she miss the last bus an alternative will be arranged
i'm afraid not, replacement taxi's would only take those travelling to their detination station, not their homes
replacement road transport is in place, please get her to speak to station staff with regards to onward travel
major disruption at #preston expected until the end of the day
 she will need to speak to staff at the station about onward travel when she arrives there. travel to
transport between preston and blackburn will be arranged for her, she will not have to wait for the 4.40am train
sorry to hear you're having an issue. could you provide us with more information and we will look into it. 
hi jin yen, we has respond you via dm, see you there!
hi jin yen, we has resend the dm , kindly check , see you there!
may we have the booking number you are referring to  oii?
hi there, we has respond you via dm,see you there!- anwar
we believe the case is assisted accordingly. kindly check your mailbox for the case response. thanks-sha
hi there, really sorry that you feel this way. we just have to be fair to all of our guests, hence booking rules apply. &gt;&gt;&gt;
hi folks! great news! to serve you better, we're now available  in english and bahasa melayu for now. more languages coming soon! ^^ 
hi there, i am so sorry to hear that. is there something i can help with?
i would be happy to help you with your connectivity issues. dm us and i can get started.
hello johnny! will you please dm us with your account number so we can better assist you?
we'd like to get you to the right area, please dm us. 
our goal is to provide best service possible. dm us with your order number, and the email associated with your order.
i'm sorry to hear this! please dm the tracking number and address if you need help with your package.  
we're sorry the store charges for this! did you call your local store about refunding your order?
we're sorry, corey. some locations charge for these packets. if you do not want to pay, you can call and ask them to remove these for you.
thanks for the update!
can you try calling back and asking for the manager? we're so sorry the call was disconnected!
we're sorry to hear this! were you able to call back and get ahold of someone?
oh no! send us your email. thanks!
we're sorry about this! what is the store's address and we will forward your feedback. thanks!
we're sorry, anthony! did you order light cheese?
we can't believe it too, jo; we were so lucky to spend extra time with you. it sounded like a pugtastic time.
thanks, jo. we'll be waiting for you anytime!
congrats, paula. you're so close; can't wait to greet you at the finish line!
yeah, we know it's a bit corny, gem, but we're just trying to be sweet. hope you're having a great time!
we'd rather give you treats than tricks, sharon. enjoy!
hey, abdul! we only want the best service for you at all times! send us a dm, and we'll assist you! 
thanks for reaching out!  i see you sent a dm. i will respond to you there. 
we'd love to take a look into this concern. is the screen stuck this way have you restarted it? send us a dm. 
hey there! could you send us a dm with your account's email address or username? we'll take a look backstage /fr 
having access to your apple id is important. did you receive an email with a confirmation of your request? dm us here: 
we have some of the best crew in the business and want you to know that we're glad to have you fly with us today. #smilesfromustoyou!
ty for letting us know you are having an issue. pls click here to provide browser u are using, acct type &amp; country (no accts)  
no worries! the j3 doesn't have fingerprint security, but check out these anti-theft options! 
glad you asked! send a dm my way and i can help in a little more detail! :) 
is the app downloaded already, rich?  send us a dm and we can walk you through the steps! 
thanks for asking, jennifer. your credits are found in your account settings &gt; payment methods &gt; your coupons. dm us if we can help further.
hello, thank you for following up with us. we've forwarded your concerns to a dedicated case manager. they will follow up with you directly.
we try to upgrade as much as possible and will continue to do that. our apologies that you haven't got upgraded as much as you'd like, wael.
we're truly sorry this has been your experience with us, as we always try to truly hear our customer feedback. we hope you remain loyal.
we never want you to feel this way, and appreciate the feedback you provide!
sorry to hear about this. please follow up with us via dm with the details to talk this through. kind regards  
let's see what we can find for you today. let's meet up in dm to gather some specifics and we'll proceed from there. 
that's not good. please return to the airport and file a damaged bag report with our baggage service center. i'm sorry for the trouble. 
unfortunately, this must be done at the airport because the bag must be looked at by a delta representative. 
hi, there. you must report your claim within 24 hours for u.s. travel and seven days for international travel.  
hey terry, that doesn't sound good! did the app crash at any point during the 30 minutes? that can cause the ad-free time to reset /ra
hmm, that's odd. we'll get this passed on to our devs so they can look into it. give us a shout if you need anything else /ra
you're welcome! if you ever need us again, just give us a... 
thanks for confirming! just to check, did you definitely watch the video ad in full after hearing the offer? /ra
our sincere apologies for any rudeness. we welcome all families to fly with us and want this to be an exciting experience for your kids.
oh my, we'd like to have more details about what happened. we always expect our team to treat our customers courteously and friendly.
this was unavoidable due to a passenger on the train requiring urgent medical attention. apologies.
* due to a passenger being taken ill on a train between coventry &amp; birmingham new street, services running through this station are expected to be delayed by up to 30mins.
upgrading should be fun and we love our long-time customers. dm me so we can look into options together: 
i've got your dm! i'll meet you there! 
i've got your dm! i'll meet you back there! 
hi fazal. we'd like to see if we can help. please click here to send account type &amp; country opened in (no accts/pins). ty!  
we know how frustrating delays can be, danielle. flight #6353 is set to depart at 8 p.m. we're working hard to have you on your way soon 
we attempt to send out messages with updated departure times, however, if improvements are made, the time is subject to change. 
correct. enjoy your dinner, and we'll work on having you out soon! 
anytime. also, don't forget boarding starts 30 minutes prior to departure! 
hi josh. let me look into this for you. pls click here to send info on what browser you r using, acct type/country (no accts)  
you won't be able to revert the system to pre-ios 11 but we can look into the issues. dm us and we'll get started. 
introducing the new control center in ios 11. now customizable.
learn more 
this sounds concerning. please dm us more details to review this situation more closely and verify where the issue is coming from.
are you currently experiencing some type of issues with your service or bill? please let us know what is going on, to give you a hand.
glad to see we're all smiles this evening! it's great to have you onboard with us.  enjoy the flight (and your time in tahoe).
sorry to hear that, davina. the airport is experiencing air traffic congestion at this time. hoping to have you on your way soon.  
congrats on the upgrade, davina! enjoy!  
your carry-on bag is oversized by the dimensions you gave us. there will be a charge since you'll have to check it. 
you'll get charged just like a normal checked bag and the charge amount depends on your ticket. please dm your record locator so we can see.
i apologize for the delayed response. have your concerns been addressed? if not, i will need the account holders ... 
are you currently using low power mode? if so, disable that from settings &gt; battery and restart. let us know in dm if it helps. 
we can help!  we assume you mean ios 11, right?  can you tell us what types of performance issues you're experiencing?
hey there, thanks for reaching out. at this time, we only provide support in  chinese, english, french, german, j... 
we appreciate your constructive feedback and are taking it under serious advisement. thank you for helping us to be better. 
we are continuously striving to provide the best service, thank you for sharing your feedback. we are a tweet away if you need us. 
we want to help in any way we can. which iphone are you using? let us know in dm, and well work with you there. 
thats #faantastic to hear how smooth our pilots landing was. please dm your record locator and well properly recognize our crew. #aateam
hello! thanks for reaching out to us here, i would be happy to help and check on this for us. would you be able t... 
we'd love to help. let's work on this together in dm. start by letting us know what kind of device you are using. 
i apologize for the delayed response. have your issues been addressed? 
if you should need any other help once that appointment is completed, feel free to reach out to us. we certainly ... 
that's the only deal we've for the iphone 5 se at the moment.
hello! the iphone se deal is available only through our online shop. for more details, please visit: 
is there anything else we may help you with?.
oh, no! definitivamente esto no debera ser as. dinos, qu es lo que est pasando?
hi shaunee! what's wrong with our network at your location? would you please dm us your zip code and nearest cross-streets where that occurs? we're at your service here..
hi, shaunee! we reply to your message. please, check your inbox.
hi there! sorry to hear about your neagtive experience! please send us a dm so we can assist you better..d.
hi sam. how can i help?
when you have a moment, please phone us here: 
if you follow the link  provided, we'd love to give you a call. 
hi there!  we are not able to see customer's account information here on twitter.  please reach out to us by calling 866-216-1072 and keep us updated on the outcome! 
you're welcome. reach out again if you have questions in the future. we're here to help. 
i am so sorry this has happened. can you please clarify the carrier for us? we want to assist! you can see that info here: 
here to help! please send us a note at 
happy to take a closer look! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
we're here to help. can you please send us a dm so we can connect?
here to help! send us a note here 
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address and more details so we can follow up.
we can definitely take a closer look! contact us here; 
sorry to hear the trouble, prashant! let's get this sorted out via 
sorry to hear about the trouble! we're not seeing any issues on our end. have you tried clearing your cookies?
here to help. send us a note at 
we apologize for the trouble! send us a dm with your email address with additional details and we'll follow up.
here to help! send us a note at 
hi hannah, i can see it's working on my end. can you clear your cache and cookies and see if that helps? kind regards
i require your full name, address and email. i can log your feedback. ty 
hi, conner, there is a wealth of information on our website. here is a link  
...on the upgrade list.   
it is still there, try it now. i re-set the confirmation #. 
2: mobile, can you send us the song link instead? just tap the three dots &gt; share &gt; copy link. we look forward to your reply /ju
hey there! could you send us a dm with your account's email address? we'll take a look backstage /fr 
happy to help! please confirm your email address or phone number through direct message so we can further assist.
hi helen, we can check if your booking has gone through. dm us your flight details, email and contact number. 
oh no! we are very sorry for the delay in responding and for your delay. it's very upsetting to call us that. 
we sorry to hear this again, rob. we'll add these comments to your previous feedback. 
it would also be helpful if you could dm us your booking reference, full address and phone number.  
we're concerned to read your message, ethan. can you dm us a bit more information about your query? 
by using the feedback you submit. we appreciate it more than you think claire . 
we do apologise for this but there's unfortunately, there's nothing more we can do and this could happen with any airline. 
we understand your frustration, clare.  we're sorry for spelling your name wrong.  unfortunately, we'd only ever change a seat for a 
good reason, a few examples could be an aircraft change, to accommodate families with small children or a passenger with a disability. 
please accept our apologies. your loyalty to us showed always been shown. we want to improve and change your thoughts about us . 
may need to be changed for safety or operational reasons. we'll pass your comments on to the customer experience team.  
hi clare, please accept our apologies for any  inconvenience the changing of your seat reservation has caused. 
without a doubt, delays are frustrating for everyone involved, including us. we apologize for the inconvenience today, molly. 
sorry for the long lines in montego bay. our employees will do their best to get you moving as quickly as possible. 
hi there! was there anything said about an expiration date when the code was sent to you? 
if you don't see an expiration listed, then you should be fine to check, though, can you dm us the code you're curious about?  
i am truly sorry for the troubles and inconvenience. please dm your account details and i will look into this for you. ~rd
i am glad you have reached out. we will work on fixing this. please send us a dm with your account number.
hello valentina, i am not happy to hear this. how can i help you?
hello. i can provide updates on the service interruption. please send a dm with your full name, address and phone number.
hi, i'm glad to hear you switched to xfinity! let me know if you need any assistance!
have a great night!
hello, ron! just checking in to see if you are still experiencing xfinity hd service issues.
hello, jared! just checking in to see if you are still experiencing xfinity internet services issues.
good evening, how can i help you?
i am sorry to hear that. if there is anything else you need in the future please feel free to reach out to us here.-ye
are you having a billing or service issue that i can assist you with today?
hi, i can definitely look into what's going on! can you send us a dm with your service address?
i'm not sure what you mean, but i'll be happy to look into it. would you please dm the full service address and phone number?
hello, i apologize if this was sent in error. can you please dm us and we can take a look at what was sent?
send me a dm and let's see what is going on! 
if you want change your mind, send us a dm and we can chat about the pricing! 
thanks for sending the dm i'll meet you there 
we have updated our terms, send us a dm and i'll take a look! 
we definitely want to do what we can to help you! 
hey there! send us a dm, i'll help you out :) 
it's not too late at all! please dm us so we can help with that. 
no worries one bit! shoot me a dm, and i'll set your heart at ease! 
we always want to provide the best possible experience for you. please dm us. 
we'd love the chance to turn things around for you!  please dm so we can help. 
good question! dm means direct message! you should have that option by clicking my face! 
we want to make sure communication is crystal clear. please dm your record locator so we can share your feedback.
that's fine, we will just keep our best mince pie award from this year  
the best you say, iceland?!? did you win best mince pie award?!? oh no...how could we forget, that was us!!  &gt; 
we demand a re-taste! 
it's amazing what a bit of bribery can do to get top marks  we're still taking poll position for 'main high street stores'  
imagine going to all this effort and coming away with an average score like @117246's  
good morning, mark and friends! we're ready for day 5...  
oh yes...we thought someone was missing..... 
good luck trying to take the crown from us!  
no.. c...can it be?? tesco... from outta nowhere  
i doubt will... 
 we feel like seth rollins cashing in on the grandest stage of them all  (p.s.'ll call it 2-1 to us after our 'battle of the supermarkets' war where we, again, stole the show with our spongebob meme) #justsaying 
hey @117246... do you know what happens when you delete a tweet then reword your 'burn'? do you know what happens when you try and keep up with our bants? well lidl.... 
bah gawd lidl, tesco has a family 
we're not worried about tesco  also, why go to aldi for value bants when the social media pros are here? \_()_/ 
we're keeping hold of this for now if that's okay :) 
count us in mark... 
i think our mince pies will surprise you with a bit of... 
yessssss!!!!! when's our trophy? ;) 
do any of yours contain sloe gin though? we think not... 
which station is this alex? 
yes that'll be open 
you're reading our mind, t! we'll be counting down the days until you're onboard! 
your love means the world to us! dm us your rapid rewards account number so we can make your next flight even better. 
complimentary adult beverage if you're flying with us tomorrow!*
+, passengers flying by broom not included. see seatback menu for info! 
thanks for flying with us today, kristin! enjoy the lift (&amp; free drink) onboard tonight! 
we sure do, danielle! check out more information here: 
we're so happy our ind agents were there to help. thanks for hanging in there with us! 
it'll be worth the wait, i'm sure. nice costume!
that's frustrating  i'm sorry. please let a manager know about this next time you're in so we can make amends.
we'll hook you up with a bag, or you can write to us here: 
again? i'm so sorry. did you write to us at the link?
we shouldn't  please share this with 
we're the new pot of gold!
online ordering is shut off tonight for our boorito promotion, but will be back on tomorrow. my apologies.
i have confidence you'll raise 'em right.
that shouldn't be there. please tell us more so we can help: 
we're ready for ya!
when our restaurant closes tonight. that's 10 p.m. almost everywhere.
absolutely.
totally worth it.
best kind of chipotle.
heck yeah! what are you going to get?
we turned it off for our boorito promotion, but it'll be back on tomorrow.
shout out to you for stopping by!
well played, my friend.
it's made with real, high-quality ingredients. we're working on the recipe, so please give it another shot soon
that's concerning. please tell us more here: 
i mean, he kind of tried. we'll give it to him.
that doesn't sound right. please tell us more: 
knowing what kind of coverage to expect when traveling is key. we want you to have the best experience possible. please check coverage here 
this limited time offer ended on /2017, but what you have highlighted specifies that customers have until /2017 to provide the proof of purchase to qualify for the reimbursement. feel free to send me a dm to chat. 
sorry! there isn't a way to roll back, but we're working on making changes. for help navigating: 
uh oh! captions should stay on. on what device is this happening? any specific show that's affected? we're here to help.
hm, they should definitely resume if already enabled. when they disappear, does your roku's cc settings toggle off too? 
that's where they need to be on, so check there (home screen&gt;settings&gt;captions&gt;mode&gt;on: always) if/when this happens again. 
hulu is only available in the u.s. right now, but we'll be sure to share the interest in offering our service in argentina! 
got it. we'll be sure to share your feedback as improvements continue to be made based on viewer input like yours!
we're sorry to hear this, tim! is there anything in particular about the new app that you find frustrating? we're here to help.
yikes! try resetting your password here: 
sorry for the mixup! we'll be sure to share your feedback about the long wait time. let us know if you have further questions.
we assure you there are no bots here, ray. we're also working on changes to address hold times. we appreciate your patience!
sorry for the long wait time! our team is working to get to each and every one of our users asap. we appreciate your patience.
apologies for this experience, ray! when possible, please call us/chat so we can take a closer look: 
sorry! we looked into this issue and sent out a fix. if rebooting doesn't help, please reach out here: 
sincerest apologies for the live playback trouble tonight. while we work to resolve, please use this work-around: 
i apologize for any issues tyler. please dm us your account number or phone number so we can assist you. 
i do apologize for the inconvenience and i will be happy to help. can you dm me your account number?
hello, i'm sorry your sound isn't working. please send me a dm and i will be glad to assist you.
i apologize for the inconvenience. i will be glad to assist you. can you dm me your name and acct # or phone #?
sorry our tech never came. i can check the account if you could dm your address or acct# 
i apologize for the inconvenience. i will be glad to assist you. can you dm me your name and acct # or phone #?
ok, i am glad you were able to come to a resolution. if you need further assistance please let us know.
hi there! can you tell us the reason for the credit? can you also join us in a dm so we can assist you?
thank you for reaching out to us. please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you..h
please let us know if you're currently having service issue with us? we at sprint would like to know so we can further assist.
ohthats so not coollet me check it out for you! shoot us a dm so that we can further assist you.
can you please send us a dm, so that be can able to  further look into this issue pertaining your device being unlocked?
if your driver made you feel uncomfortable, please report the ride to our critical response line at 
our apologies as we have no control how they choose to provide their content. you can try searching from the guide using the "b" button for your local line up.  
doin' well. we should, check out the promos we have for new customers at 
we can have you work with an agent. send us a dm so we may verify your info to get started. 
when you check your order online, what message are you getting? 
do you happen to have a confirmation email regarding your order? 
please click the link below so we can access your information. 
i lost you in chat.  please use the previously provided chat link if you still require assistance.
understood. were you given an order number?
we will take a look on our end to make sure everything that can be done is being done. we'll reach out to you if we are able find it.
is this for fios or wireless (mobile) service? 
i'm sorry to hear of any frustration. please send a dm with your paypal email address and a screenshot of this charge. 
hi there! i've sent a reply to your message. :) 
i'm sorry to hear of any frustration. if you have any problems with your account, please send a dm. i'd be happy to help. 
hey there, we've responded to your dm, so please message us back whenever you get the chance! 
hey there, we've responded to your dm, so please message back whenever you get the chance! 
i'm sorry to hear about this. please send us a dm. we're happy to help! 
glad to assist! please check your dm's for further instructions.
hi! we appreciate your feedback, give us a comment using this link: 
enable auto-download on the ps4 and be prepared for future system updates and game patches: 
glad to help! please check the following article to receive further details about refunds: 
hola miguel! encuentra comocambiar tu contrasea en el siguiente enlace:
por favor siguenos en twitter para brindarte asistencia por mensajes directos.
hi there! please check the information in this link: 
sorry to hear that, please make sure you are following us, so we can assist you better via a direct message.
 thank you. please check your dms for further instructions.
glad to know the issue is fixed. feel free to contact us at anytime!
please try rebuilding the database. follow the steps on the next article: 
hi there! please let us know which console are you using.
you're welcome, feel free to contact us at anytime!
hi there! please check the following link for further information: 
at the moment we don't have details to share, check our psblog to receive details about promotions: 
it's about 40-45 gigs depending on any pre-order or deluxe content. 
good afternoon, sadly i don't have information on that. sincerest apologies. 
we would recommend contacting the console store for more information on this. 
moving forward. 
good afternoon, thanks for reaching out. this can happen on rare occasions. we're hoping to have a resolution for this..
hey there, sorry for the delay, could you send us a dm? i'd be happy to help.  
hi there, sorry for the frustrating experience. do you get any error messages when trying to open your project? 
how are you opening the file? i mean the exact workflow. can you share a sample file with us to check?  
hi, did you do a search on your computer for the file name? did you check in the creative cloud folder on your computer? 
hi, does project open up in indesign cc cc 2017? if it does. please try copying the contents to a new file to open in cc 2018. 
let me loop in the expert. it is after hour for the expert, they will respond asap back in office again, please excuse the delay.
we appreciate your patience. 
my email is: __email__  
i believe we are missing your exact workflow. please dm steps you are trying (link attached). you also can share the file on my email. 
adding  back for advice.  
you can email me the file at __email__  
hi, we're looping in an expert who can help you out here. they will reply as soon as they're available.  
hi ken, did the same book open successfully in a previous version of ade? 
this question is best suited for our expertsat 
hi there, what's the file type of the image you're trying to place? have you tried re-saving the image? 
let me check with a colleague and see what's causing this, it's very weird. i'll get back to you when i have updates.  
hi there, we're looping the expert back into this conversation. thanks! 
we're currently logging a bug for this with the indesign team's definitely unexpected behavior. 
after placing your image, you'll have to manually adjust the fitting as a workaround. sorry for any frustration this has caused. 
what about when the display performance is set to high? can you save the file with a 300dpi setting? 
i'm able to replicate this with certain images (like screenshots) while others will be fine and place as full-size. 
let me loop in the expert. it is after hour for the expert, they will respond asap back in office again, please excuse the delay.
we appreciate your patience. 
if you have a cc subscription you may install photoshop cc from creative cloud desktop app.   
we're looping in an expert who can help you out here. they will reply as soon as they're available. 
please let me know if you were able to get the issue resolved after chatting with our support team.   
glad to hear this was resolved! feel free to reach out to us in case of any issues in the future 
hi amy, could you please elaborate the issue for subscription after the photoshop update so that we may help.    
hi, john! we want to know your experience with us. please rate our support by clicking this link:  
if you need help with your xbox controller, we'd be happy to help! tweet us any time for official xbox support 
able to best go over any replacement options that may be available to you!  2 
oh no! we'd recommend reaching out to the live chat team: 
hello! we suggest keeping up to date on news by checking 
hi there! could you dm 
hello, thanks for reaching out to us. can you send us a dm with your gamertag and description of your issue? 
if you need help with this pack, we'd be happy to help! tweet us any time for official xbox support 
hello, thanks for reaching out to us. can you dm us your gamertag and a description of the issue you're seeing? 
hi, are you still seeing this message in-game? official xbox support is just an away if you need help! 
thanks for that information. can you send us your gamertag and do you or your brother own the game? 
can you dm us so we can get more information from you 
hi there! we're actually an english speaking support channel. to continue in your native language you can here 1 
if you need help uploading your captures, we'd be happy to help! tweet us for official xbox support 
hello, thanks for reaching out to us. have you tried reinstalling from the store or disc? 
well, you can check your purchase history to cross-reference what you hid. 
hi i'm sorry you are having issues. if you can please follow us and dm us your details we will be happy to help ~ vicky
hi angela! i'm glad to hear you experienced a high level of service! thanks for your feedback, it is much appreciated. regards ~ dean
we appreciate your feedback. our crewmembers are trained to intervene if they thought the child was in danger.
hi, i am responding to your dm now
hi, we don't have news about trhis game at the moment. we have not had pre-order stock available for roi. laurence.
things are getting majorly spooky behind this door...waitactuallynever mind. #trickortweet 
hey don, if you get contacted asking to conduct a transaction outside ebay, that clearly violates our policies of off site transaction. we recommend reporting these buyers so we can review accordingly from our end: 
have we got the trick up our sleeves just for you. #trickortweet 
#halloween is the perfect time to turn up the beats and the scares. #trickortweet 
theres something spoooooky heading your way. hope you can handle it!  #trickortweet 
help is here! how can we assist? 
sorry to about the delay. allow us to assist you from here. what issue are you calling in about?  
we're not judging, teresa. you have to listen when the sweet tooth calls. 
hi there, great question? which u.s. based card do you have? pls do not share any personal info.
thx.pls contact us at the customer service number on the back of your card so we can connect you with our concierge.thank you.
 please follow and dm with full name, email and location on booking to share your concerns with management. thank you.
thanks for reaching out. we want to learn more. please dm us which store you visited. thanks! 
please dm our team. please confirm your address.  
please dm us due to the limited characters so we can provide additional information. 
please dm us your tracking number, and complete address so we can look into this.  
hi there, have you checked, if you're signed into the right account? keep us posted!
hi, russ. how long have you had this issue? also, have you tried to delete cache and cookies? let us know.
understood, russ. in that case, can you please follow us so we can gather further details via dm? thanks.
oh no! we take food quality seriously you dm us with your bakery-cafe location and order number so we can look into this?
we can do better than that! mind dming us with your most recent order number and more details? we'd love to help.
thanks for bringing this to our attention, natalie're sharing this with our team now to address further!
hi there! our plum ginger hibiscus tea is caffeine free it out here: 
we never want to leave you disappointed! mind sharing more details so we can look into this?
at this time, generators are not allowed in checked luggage.  
no, we do not allow generators or chainsaws or any machine that uses fuel to be checked in luggage.
hello, i apologize for the delayed reply. are you still having issues with your internet at this time?
great, please reach out to us if you have any questions or concerns in the future. jules
hello, i would like to help. are you still experiencing issues?
hello, tom, i apologize for the delayed reply. are you still having issues with your services at this time?
i am glad to hear that. is there anything that i might assist you with at this time?
hello, mike, i apologize for the delayed reply. are you still having issues with your cable at this time?
hi, i'm sorry for the trouble with your recordings. can you dm the name, address, and phone number on the account?-sean
hello, chris, i apologize for the delayed reply. are you still having issues with your internet at this time?
hello i can please send me your phone number and the primary name on the account?
hello. i am happy to assist you with any issue you are having with your service.dm me your address so i can help. thanks.-jc
hello, i apologize for the delayed reply. are you still having issues with your internet at this time?
thanks for reaching out. what can i help with today?
hey king, thank you for the feedback. we would like to solve this now. please send us a dm. it will be our honor to assist you. ange l
i would be happy to look further into this for you if you would provide your full address and account associated phone number in a dm.
please provide by dm the full address and account number and name associated with your account. thanks.
thank you for reaching out to us about adding another movie channel . i can look into that for you .
hello. please dm me your address so i can provide an update on your services for you. thanks.-jc
hello, phil, i apologize for the delayed reply. are you still having issues with your cable at this time?
please provide by dm the full address and account number and name associated with your account. thanks.
thank you for reaching out to us about your service issue. i can look into this .
hello, i apologize for the delayed reply. are you still having issues with your internet at this time?
please provide by dm the full address and account number and name associated with your account. thanks.
thank you for reaching out to us about your service issues. i can help .
i can understand your frustration over the disruption. can you please dm the name, address &amp;phone number on the account?
i do understand your frustration and will forward the feedback. if you change your mind dm us at any time.
we don't want to lose you! could you dm me your phone number and address so i can look into these issues?-jg
we will pass your suggestion along! thanks so much!
hello. can you please dm me your address so i can look int the nba league pass issue for you? thanks.-jc
i can use the name on account, phone number and full address.
if you do not wish to send us the info, that is your choice. i cannot guarantee a discount for providing us your account details.
please dm account information so i can help. thank you.
we would be happy to help, please dm account details. thanks.
hello. i can help with that starz issue. can you dm us your account information pleaes?
hello, dallas, i apologize for your experience with us. is there anything i might assist you with at this time?
i would love to look into this for you. i, unfortunately, don't have a way to initiate a dm. please feel free to send us one.
hello, julie, i apologize for the delayed reply. are you still having issues with your internet at this time?
hello, troy, i apologize for the delayed reply. are you still having issues with your services at this time?
i'm sorry to hear that! if you can send a dm with your first and last name along with your full-service address a... 
country to country, airlines can't be held liable for them.  
your cabin crew will only prevent people from stowing their coats away, if there is no space left.  
hi, stephanie. you'd need to take this issue up with your phone provider. 
were sorry you feel this way stephanie, but you would need to contact your provider. call charges are clear on 
aware of this at the time.  
hi stephanie, we advise our call charges over the phone prior to being connected, and on 
hi, apologies for this and we hope it doesn't take too long to check-in.  we'll feed it back to our customer experience team.  
we do agree, laird. parked to perfection. have a great day. 
hi, dan. are you referring to the refund request we're dealing with?
and the booking reference too? thanks.  
hi dan. so we can take a look at your customer relations case, please can you dm us the reference number, your full name, email address 
join us to campaign for #afairtaxonflying 
if you need to speak to an agent, please call our sales team: 
hi, luke, our website will show the availability we have for philadelphia and new york. 
sorry to hear that, louisa. are you on your way now? let us know if we can help. 
that's good to hear, louisa. hope you had a good flight. 
correct prompts. i'm sorry it's being difficult with you today!  
you can report this and set up a case on our website.  
directly about delivery. we normally advise a 24-48 hour timescale once a bag has arrived at the airport.  
we're glad to hear this has been corrected steve. the baggage team will contact you to arrange delivery. we're sorry for the confusion. 
we're sorry to hear about your delayed baggage steve. has the airport given you a world tracer reference? you can check for up to date 
hi there. dm us your account email so we can help!
hi there! dm us please--we can't send them out on our end.
hi there! dm us your account email so we can look into this.
can you please dm the tracking number. i will check into this for you.  
i'm truly sorry for your experience. our team would like to look into this situation. please dm us to discuss details.  
i'm sorry for the inconvenience. can you please dm me your tracking number?  
the  tracking number you provided is not valid. can you please dm me your correct tracking number?  
we can look into this further for you to see what is going on. please dm us the tracking number.  
we can look into this for you. please dm us the tracking number for your package.  
please dm your tracking number. i will be glad to take a deeper look into this matter for you.  
hey there! don't worry, help's here. can you dm us your account's email address? we'll take a look backstage /mt 
hey there, tyler! be sure to check out our low fare calendar for the best deals on your travel dates: 
sharla, we apologize if we missed the mark on customer service today. were you able to get reaccommodated to another flight? 
i'm glad to hear we could put you on the standby list, but we regret any frustrations. we hope to get you to your destination soon. 
that's not quite what we envisioned for the hearth and hand shopping experience.  we apologize, dm us w/the location and what happened. 
hi courtney. all airlines oversell on certain flights that have a high number of passengers who fail to turn up. so it's not very often 
we're passionate about product quality &amp; freshness. we'd like to look into this and help. please dm us with your email &amp; more info. thanks!
hi there! can you dm us your account's email address or username, and a screenshot of the error message? we'll take a look backstage /nq 
we'd like to help. pls tell us the location of the atm you're referring to so we  can alert our support team for action.  
we're so sorry for your frustration, lolo. our agents at the airport will get you in the skies just as soon as possible; hang in there. 
you are put on "priority standby" status in these situations, and we'll work to reaccommodate asap. so sorry for the trouble today. 
the agents will automatically do this for you, lolo. 
we assure you that you are being given a priority, lolo. we just have to work with everyone else awaiting accommodation as well. 
hey, we can help here on twitter! could you send us a dm with your account's email address? we'll take a look backstage /ch 
i apologize if that is the decision made there, james. you do have your choice of providers, and we hope you stay... 
we are more than happy to try and resolve the issue. certainly in reaching out to us you were hoping we could wor... 
since many disabilities aren't visible, we're unable to question the validity of preboarding requests. we regret any disappointment. 
thank you for the information. please dm us your email address to your account to get a specialist to follow up. we're standing by to assist 
hi there, we're sorry to hear about this. we recommend using a desktop with chrome for the best site experience. let us know if this helps!
hello alex, my apologies for any frustrations or inconvenience. if youd like to dm your account details (phone n... 
my apologies for any issues you're currently having. i'd be happy to help anyway we can. please dm your service p... 
please dm your service phone number or account number so we can look into this further. 
hello jimmy, my apologies for any frustrations or inconvenience. if youd like to dm your account details (phone ... 
hey! if youre premium, you can connect your spotify account to the musixmatch mobile app to enjoy lyrics: 
hello, i'm sorry to hear you're having an issue with a refund for help, please send us a dm with your paypal emai... 
hi there! a typical refund takes 3-5 business days to complete, but depending on your card issuer it may take up ... 
hi! we're happy to help. join us in dm with the macos version installed on your imac and more details about what's going on. 
are you seeing issues across all apps or are you noticing lag when performing specific tasks? let us know in dm. 
we'd like to learn more about what's happening. what model &amp; ios version are you working with? tell us in dm, please. 
we'd be concerned with an unresponsive device too. let us know your ios version in dm and we'll help: 
hey maggie! we have some info about the spotify app on roku here: 
finder and get info windows don't include snapshots in their calculations so that's not the root cause. let's meet within dm: 
 is 25 gbs what you have left after the snapshots were created on the drive though? or, were you low on space prior to snapshots?
thanks for reaching out to us. we're happy to help out. we recommend checking out this link: 
heres what you can do to work around the issue until its fixed in a future software update: 
you're very welcome! please feel free to reach out to us again if you need any more help. have a great day!
we'd like to look into the trouble you're having. does this only occur in the facebook app?
london gatwick. there's a chance we could reduce the delay, so please arrive at the airport for the original departure time.  
i'm so sorry.  are you still at the airport and did you report it upon your arrival?  if not please call 1-877-815-8253 to file a claim.
we hear you, however we follow federal regulations in offering preboarding to customers w/ disabilities. apologies for any frustration. 
are you accidentally recording audio message or is this happening on its own? let us know in a dm, well communicate there: 
no, the aircraft has not been swapped. the inbound aircraft is coming from sjc and had an atc hold. arrival in ewr is 8:15 pm
thanks! if you dm us on the link your nectar card number i'll arrange a refund and ensure this is passed on to our buyers to review. sam.
oops, sorry about that catherine! looks like that's been overcooked. which store did you get this from? thanks, sam.
we'd like to look into this with you. please dm us details and we'll be glad to work with you towards a resolution. 
there is always a chance, but since it is just due to late inbound instead of a mechanical issue, i would say your good to go.
yes, it was not scheduled to land in msp but according to our flight program it is taking a intermittent landing for 20 min to fuel.
the flight was delayed out of sjc due to air traffic control restrictions. it is due to arrive in ewr around 8:15 pm
hey matthew, flight 783 is showing a late arriving aircraft. new departure is showing 9:10 pm.
yes you can do that as well. the unplugging of the coaxial cable line can also fix signal issue if that is what i... 
thank you for reaching out. i am sorry one channel went out. i would try unplug both the power cord and unscrew t... 
we would be more than willing to take a closer look here into getting any billing concerns or questions addressed... 
good day jessica, we don't want you to continue having problems. please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
we recommend deleting the tweet that contains your email address as social media isn't a secure place to provide ... 
we're sorry to hear you've had a poor experience.  please send us a dm with your email address and any details of the issue.  thank you. 
okay if you change your mind we are here. 
sorry to hear that you are having trouble with your services. can you please follow/dm your account number as well as the full service address. 
i would suggest visiting a local store and discussing this with them. the store information can be found at: 
i do not have the exact distance from the plant. the local office will have this information. 
you're welcome. 
good morning! after review of the address from your previous conversations the address is too far from the plant. at this time i do not have any information on when/if services will be available in your area. i do apologize. 
i apologize for the poor experience. i can certainly get someone back out there for you. please dm us the service... 
i'm glad the technician arrived for you. are the services working okay for you now? 
great! if there is anything else we can look into for you in the future, please let us know. 
hey piotr, wed like to have a closer look to your folder settings &amp; check the case together. to further investigate &amp; assist please write us: 
hi piotr, are you the owner or editor of the folder? if not, and youre a viewer only, then you wont be able to amend settings. if youre referring to inviting new users to the folder, the owner might have restricted this option to them only, preventing editors from inviting.
hi michael, as far as the remote issue, you can go to your local store and pick a new one up.  you can use this link to find the closest one to you. the channel line up can be changes by calling 855-757-7328, they will be happy to assist you. 
good evening michael, i apologize for the inconvenience. how may i be of assistance to you today? 
hi there, we have received your documents and we will responded accordingly.
&gt;&gt; with the pir and we will investigate further regarding this issue, thanks.
do you have the case number for us to check on your case accordingly.- ed
as per checking ,.the team is currently processing the case,please allow the team some time to process and inform you back.thanks
when submitting a case with attachment, click on "submit and attach files". please ensure the "upload files" is clicked. thanks-ed
the team will check accordingly and you will be updated via email. we appreciate your patience and understanding
&gt;&gt; have a good day. :)
sorry but we are unable to check on the link send. submit a web form 
please be informed that case is being actively managed.once they have received your reply .it will be reopened.thanks-emir
case has been closed as it has been replied, shailendra. you have to submit another e-form to reply. thank you.
if you are unable to access these resources, let's get you connected with our local applecare support team to get you to our online support group: 
we want to help out. look here to talk with our online support:  
hey richard! were sorry to hear that. check out 
we'd recommend deleting your last tweet as it contains sensitive account info. you can dm it to us instead /ny 
we are sorry for the delay in response to you. we request you to clarify that you had re-submitted the required documents at nearest idea store for your idea number activation. regards, vicky
we are sorry for the inconvenience caused to you. we would like to inform you that your port in request was rejected that is why requesting to re-submit the documents again for further activation. regards, vicky
sorry for the trouble caused. be rest assured you will get a positive resolution.
please wait for sometime.. our email team will surely update you. regards, mahindra
we're happy you reached out so we can find you the info you need. if you forgot your apple id, go to the apple id account page: 
understood. for further help with your apple id, connect with one of our apple id advisors here: 
we are still not able to get you clearly. could you share alternative number?
 hi, confirm if it is okay we call at this  time. 
apology for late response.kindly alert us when we can call.
the contact number is busy. alert us when available for assistance. 
hi there, i'm very sorry about this wade. we'd definitely expect more from our products. can you send me a pic of the barcode please? which store did you buy this from? robbie
thank you arthur. if you dm us your full name and nectar card number by clicking the link below, i'll be sure to make the buyers aware of this and i'll also pop a refund on plus some extra as an apology. sas 
...if you send us your full name and address, i'd be more than happy to send you a gift card instead. just click the link below to dm us. sas  
i understand this and i'm very sorry however, we do make sure that any feedback we receive like this is fed back to our buyers so they can further look into the issue and prevent it from happening again in the future. ...
hi there, sorry about this simon. we'd definitely expect more from our cafe. can you send me a pic of your receipt please? robbie
thank you, if you dm me your nectar card number via this link i can get some points added for you and make sure this is fed back. robbie 
could you dm us some more information on the service issue with the link below? we'll make sure this is fed back. maclaine 
hi! thanks for bringing this up. which version of windows are you running? did you make any changes prior to this issue? have you tried checking the games support site for troubleshooting steps?
we suggest creating a temporary admin account and try to sign, then try to check if you will encounter the same issue.
hi. we're here to help. could you give us more details regarding your concern? which device are you pertaining to? 
they should be making their way through during the journey. you can also find the train manager in coach c 
sorry to hear that, the train manager should be making their way through 
really sorry again, we'll be sure to pass your comments on in regards to this 
i'm afraid we wouldn't be able to offer a refund for this, apologies 
this can be escalated further with customer relations via the online complaints link sorry to hear this. please do report this to the onboard team and they should be able to assist you further 
hi louise, our every day value long grain rice isn't easy cook (
i'm sorry to hear we have no easy cook long grain rice louise. i would like to register your comments for you, can you dm your full name and address? ty
have you spoken to any of my in store colleagues regarding the availability of long grain non easy cook rice? kindest regards- hannah. 
hi louise, i can see that we have this rice in stock in the greenock extra store: 
hey, you can try using this guide to help 
thank you for that, that is odd. here is another guide that may provide some support with the issue you are seeing. 
were you able to work through the steps we sent? did they help with what you are seeing?  
a photo of your 4k stats on the console and your video settings including color space?  2 
thanks for that info. let's change the color space to pc rgb and then change tv resolution to automatic or 1080p if that is possible.  
this is an article explaining color space. 
to be sure, are you using a receiver with the tv and console? can you send us  1 
our proper teams are looking into this. you can refer to our page here  1 
you're welcome! have a great rest of your day.  
the dates will be adjusted to reflect the entirety of the sale date.  
hi, can you direct message us and explain what issue you are experiencing? 
i'm sorry your package wasn't picked up! when you have a moment, reach out to us here: 
we're unable to view your account, but we'd like to help in real-time, via phone or chat here: 
hola mary. para ms detalles sobre como cancelar tu membresa de amazon prime, ingresa a: 
mary, si no te has beneficiado de las ventajas de prime, recibirs el reembolso. recibirs un e-mail con ms detalles. 
hola maryguerra. para cancelar amazon prime por favor accesa este link para instrucciones: 
sin dudas, el mejor lugar para comer pollo frito.  nos alegra saber que recibiste tu pedido, carl! :d 
hmm, that's strange! try going to settings and reviewing your history. from here, you can see what prompted your echo. 
i'm sorry for the wait, jamie! what's the current status of your order here: 
i understand your concern. at your earliest convenience, we'd like to look into this with you: 
i can understand your reluctance, but we can provide you with additional options depending on who the seller is.  
hi, is the book listed as sold or fulfilled by amazon? if so, please get in touch with us via the link  provided. 
it would be best to contact us directly here: 
() if weve missed the date in our order confirmation e-mail, please let us know here: 
i'm sorry for the wait! two-day shipping refers to transit speed in business days once an order's shipped. ()
request you to please fill in the details in the link provided earlier and we'll look into this. 
let us help. does this happen while using any specific app? also, which version of ios are you currently running?
we're here for you. let's work together to locate your photos. did you just recently restore your device, by any chance?
got it. please continue with us by reaching out to our photos app experts: 
we'd love to help. dm us which ios device you are experiencing this issue on to get started. 
for security, the passcode is always required even if you have touch id turned on. are you still having touch screen issues?
this link is a great place to start: 
we wouldn't want to speculate into the cause, but please send us a dm so we can look into this further with you. 
we want to make sure we understand the issue. are you wanting to disable the passcode and still use touch id?
let's look at this together. to begin, are you completely updated to ios 11.1?
ok, please dm us, so we can work together on this. 
hey there. 70 new emoji have been released with ios 11.1. update to that and let us know how it goes.
thanks for reaching out. for help with appletv reach out to our experts here:  
we are here to help. please refer to the following article for steps to report these emails: 
you are most welcome. if there is anything we can do to assist you in the future, please don't hesitate to reach back out.
thanks for reaching out to let us know about this. so we can look into this with you, please dm us here: 
thanks for reaching out to us. please send us a dm with your country, and we'll look into this. 
hi there, items are not billed to you until they have shipped. if you have been charged for the order already, the refund will reflect on your account within 5-7 business days. you can read more about it here:
we take this very seriously. please send us a dm with your email address so we can connect asap.
here to help. send us a note at 
our team has recently responded via email. please reply there if you have additional questions!
hi there, we're here to help! send us a note via 
sorry to hear about that! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
hi there, we're here to help! send us a note here; 
find out more info about  cancelled order here: 
find out more info about partnering here: 
happy to further assist you. can you please send us a dm (direct message) with your email address and additional details?
we appreciate your interest in partnering with us! head over to 
we're sorry to hear this was your experience. contact us via 
here to help! connect with us through 
our teams are working to get you safely to lax asap. my apologies for the delayed flight and the conditions. 
hi, sherry. my apologies for the delayed response. we are experiencing higher than normal twitter volume.  
certainly understand and my apologies for the issues. i will surely share this with our management team.  
hi, eric. i understand &amp; my apologies for the delayed flight. our teams are working to get you safely on your way asap.  
hi sammy. unfortunately, no. each passenger has their own individual baggage allowance. 
no worries! just give us a shout if you need anything else. we're... 
1: hi there. don't worry, we'll look into this. can you send us the spotify uri? just right-click the track &gt; share &gt; uri. if you're on...
hey alex! can you dm us your account's email address or username? we'll take a look backstage /rh 
hmm, that's odd. could you dm us your account's email address? we'll take a look under the hood /kb
hmm. does logging in on a different device show the same issue? keep us updated /pc
hi andrea. don't worry, help's here. can you tell us what device and browser you're using? we'll see what we can suggest /ju
hey there! can you let us know what android and spotify versions you're running? we'll see what we can suggest /ns
thanks for that! can you dm us your account's email address and username? we'll take a look backstage /kl 
hey there! can you let us know what's happening exactly? we'd love to lend a hand /kc
you're welcome! we can see how thatd be handy. thanks for taking the time to reach out  your feedback's been noted  /kc
awesome! fingers crossed we'll be available in india soon. if there's anything else, just give us a shout /rh
we hear you. rest assured, your feedback will be passed on to the right folks /nq
hey! we're launching in new countries as often as possible. be sure to add your email at 
that's great to hear, sean. please don't hesitate to come back to us if you have any other queries.
email address and contact telephone number . 
can you dm us your booking reference, full name, full address and phone number?  
hi teresa, we're now following you so please feel free to send us a dm now.
that's good to hear, dannah. please don't hesitate to come back to us if you have any other queries.
email address, and postal address. one of the team will be in touch to help add your details to the booking.  
i can look into service issues. please dm me your account info so i can help.
hello, i apologize for the bad experience. i can look into that for you, please send us a dm for further assistance.
hello, i can help you with that. please dm so we can verify your account for assistance, thank you.
can you please dm us the account info so we can provide an accurate update?
hey corah, let us see what's going on there. dm us, we want to keep you connected. 
hey linda! dm us and we can take a look to see whats going on! 
uh oh! let us take a look at this and see how we can get you to a resolution mark. dm us and we'll work together. 
we only want the best possible service for you there, john. please dm us. 
we're sorry you feel that way. we appreciate your feedback.
we're sorry for the wait tonight. we'll have you bags out to you as soon as possible. 
we're are almost there just one last leg of your trip and you'll be #homesweethome.
thanks for the shout-out to pvd! we'd love to forward this on to our #aateam. please follow and dm your record locator.
our apologies for the delay, heather. you should be in the air shortly.
sure thing! thanks so much for taking the time to share your feedback with us, joellen. we truly appreciate it. 
we're testing this out right now, joellen. but be sure to leave your feedback and tell us what you think at 
if you send us a dm, we can help! 
just call us ghosts since we like to give out free boos! bottoms up, chris! happy hallown! 
we turned off online ordering for our boorito promo. my apologies for any frustration.
no plans to bring it back in the near future.
i'm so sorry for the disappointment. i was a fan, too.
you still have plenty of time to come in!
that's a good looking duo right there! see you soon, my friends.
i'm so sorry for any frustration. you can come on in, though  we'd love to see you.
i'm so sorry about that. our annual boorito promo gets pretty crazy.
amateur hour. but better late than never, i suppose.
get after it  go bananas.
we can't wait!
we got you, fam.
truth. thanks for the shout out!
thanks for stopping by!
this is also concerning. please provide more details here: 
no need to cook dinner on a night like tonight!
lookin' sharp! thanks for stopping by.
i'm confident it'll be worth the wait.
that shouldn't happen  i'm so sorry. please tell us more: 
we love you right back, fam.
my apologies for any sadness. i was a fan, too.
it's turned off tonight for our boorito promo, but it'll be up-and-running again tomorrow.
i'm so sorry about that.
hello caitlyn. thanks for reaching to hp support on twitter. i'd like to help you. please share your printer model or product number for further assistance. please use the link to send us a direct message for further assistance 
greetings bill, thanks for contact hp support. 
i understand that you need assistance with sending a fax from your computer. 
will be glad to help. 
may know the printer model and the os on your computer?
keep me posted. 
sorry, peter! what behavior do you experience during playback? what device do you use? these tips: 
oh no! which device do you use? are all channels affected? for now, please try a quick reboot of your device+modem/router.
apologies for the continued frustration-- to clarify, are you noticing this with cbs network on our app?
thanks for clarifying! does the buffering continue after: 
sounds good!  we'll be standing by to further assist if you need us.
oh no! we can't promise anything, but we'll share the interest in seeing dragon ball dubbed. what other shows are you missing?
thanks for bringing this to our attention. we've shared the details w/the appropriate team to get that fixed!
hi! keep watching displays content you've recently viewed. my stuff is where you'll see your favorites: 
thanks for clarifying! we're happy to take a look at things on our end. when you have a chance, reach out: 
hello, gary. i will be more than happy to assist you. please send me a dm with your account name and phone or account number.
the most recent update at 5 pm still lists a loss of electrical power
looks great right.. and our ceo is cool too.
hello there! check out our promotions. click on the link 
could tell us which iphone you have?.o
we would like to preform a device refresh from our end..o
we are going and preform the device refresh on all four devices, could you power off the devices and power them back on in 5 minutes..o
not all order are shipped at the same time, however, they will be fulfilled. we will appreciate your patience.
once the device is launched that information will be updated. you can check when the shipping starts through 
thanks for reaching out. what questions do you have?
we will like to take a look into this for you. shoot us a dm to assist.
hey stephany, you would have reached out to us in regards to some service issues.  sup nn
how may we be of assistance to you? we are always happy to help.-dd
we will get added so they can take a look for you while you are there as well. 
hello harry, are you referencing a wireless or landline?
your main coax splitter is located to reseat the connections?   
are you able to reseat the connections at your main splitter if you know where it is? this should make for better contact. 
please click the chat link to open it right back up so we can get you back with the same agent. 
hi steve, we just wanted to confirm previous service issues are now resolved.  please update us at your earliest convenience, enjoy! 
we can assist you via the secured link. we apologize for your wait.
our apologies, as we see 1 pending for the next agent. have you gotten an agent yet? 
have you considered fios. check our availability in your area at 
understood, we do appreciate your interest in fios. fingers crossed we will be available in the near future. have a great evening! 
some customers may be experiencing trouble with their xfinity tv service. we apologize &amp; appreciate your patience while we work to resolve.
apologies, while waiting for the next agent it may be a poor connection impacting the frequency for lower channels. do you know  where 
psn services are up and running, are you getting an error message or an error code? let us know more details?
hi. check out the next article for more information: 
hi there! the preload is expected to be available on november 2nd. more info here: 
here to assist! please start your system in safe mode and select restore default settings. steps here: 
we have sent you a direct message via twitter with further instructions.
sorry to hear that. you will receive an email with the details of the ban/suspension:  
we want to improve your experience. please dm more details, so we can assist.  
we'd like to have someone look at those atms. can you please tell us the atm location? 
your concern is important to us, and i'd like to help. please dm your name and zip code.  
hi! are you experiencing any sort of issue with your other services (ex.: phone calls and text)? please, let us know more about this, sending us a dm. we'll be more than glad to assist you.. 
hi! for how long have you been experiencing this? are you receiving 3g somewhere near your domicile? please, allow us to check your surrounding. send us a dm, we'll be glad to assist you?. 
hi! for how long have you been experiencing this? are you receiving 3g somewhere near your domicile? please, allow us to check your surrounding. send us a dm, we'll be glad to assist you?. 
kennie, i can take a look into this for you. please dm your full name and address. thanks
hello, i can help. let me take a look into this for you. please dm your full name and address.
lara, what problems are you having? what channel are you on?
lara, let me check your subscription. please dm your full name and address. thanks
@117611, please dm full address and primary name on the account, so we can take a look.  = jj 
since techs are onsite the problem will be corrected as soon as possible. what city are you in?
liv, certain channels are in-home channels only. thanks for your feedback.
juan, we indicate the requested action has been completed. i appreciate you giving us an opportunity to help. thanks again, 
hi juan. thank you for speaking with me today. i will be monitoring this &amp; following up with you again. 
we apologize for the delay in calling you. we will connect with you at the number you sent us. 
hi datari, we value your feedback &amp; always continue to explore ways to improve our customer experience. thank you. 
hey tristan, to choose seats you will want to head over to 
hey justine, the email will be sent within 24 to 48 hours.
hey justine, what is your email?  dm it to me via the link 
via email. ~angel
i've been advised you'll be receiving compensation from our customer relations team. thank you for your patience. ~angel
sorry to hear that. please send a private message with your confirmation code so we can look into this. ~angel 
gotta love it! thanks for flying with us!
sorry about that javi, have you notified the flight attendants? sometimes they need to be reset.
i apologize for the inconvenience, can you please dm me your confirmation code so i can get more information? 
no problem, can you send me your confirmation code in a dm so i can take a look? 
they are still available on both, just make sure you have your elevate or alaska mileage number in the reservation.
hi anna, sorry to see this please dm us with more info so we can investigate this further "
record shows the vas has been deactivated since yesterday.  stay unlimited!  tt
hello sumbo, no negative deduction noticed on the line. please confirm the date and amount? so
thank you for the info. we'll check and revert back to you. so
we sincerely apologize.we are unable to assist to access the line that we are currently carrying out an upgrade. please check back later. so
we apologize for any inconvenience you may have experienced.the complaint has been escalated. thank you. uo.
due to system upgrade,  we apologize we are not be able to run a check at this time. kindly exercise some patience. uo
kindly provide your mobile number for checks and assistance.  tt
without posting account information, could you provide us with a few details about the issue? we'd like to help! 
thanks for the update! i'm sorry about the order issues and your inconvenience, but glad that everything has been resolved. 
sorry! try this one instead: 
hi emma. i understand. you can use this link (which doesn't require a log in) to get in touch: 
we're here to help! please, reach us phone or e-mail so we can investigate: 
oh no! we'd like to review these charges and available options with you. please reach us here: 
i'm sorry your order hasn't arrived! please reach us here: 
i'm sorry your shipment hasn't arrived; what is the latest status on the order: 
i'm sorry you haven't received your order. reach out to us here so we can look into this with you: 
you're welcome. do keep us posted for any further assistance. 
thank you for providing the details. we are working on it and we'll get back to you soon. 
let's take a look at this issue together. which ios version is your device currently running?
thanks. please dm us and we'll continue this conversation there. 
lets help get this sorted. please dm us the version of ios you're using and we can go from there. 
we are here for you. let's take a look at this further for you. reach out to us in dm. 
we want to make sure you can charge and enjoy your new phone. is it not showing as connected to power when plugged in?
let's see how we can help over twitter. is ios 11.1 the version installed and have you tried any steps? which app is it?
we'd be happy to help. send us a dm with a few details. 
we want to help you. dm us, and we can look into what's going on with wi-fi calling on your iphone. 
we offer support via twitter in english. contact us for help in your preferred language here: 
let's see how you're using your battery so we can provide the best solution. to start, dm us with the country where you're located. 
we offer support via twitter in english. get help in spanish here: 
we'd like to help. send us a dm and we can start there. 
we'd like to help. we received your dm and will continue there. 
we're here for you. you'll need to contact our itunes store group for help with itunes codes: 
thank you for the update. dm us here to continue: 
the first step we want to take is to back it up, then update it to ios 11.1 to rule that out: 
let's team up and get the exclamation point working right. which model do you have? is ios 11.1 installed?
you've come to the right place. what seems to be going on with your phone?
is this happening only with certain applications? meet up with us in a dm, we'll continue there. 
hi, can you tell us more about this in a dm? we'll look into this together from there. 
thanks for contacting us. we'd like to gather some info to help out. let's meet in dm. 
great question. they must have a device with ios 10 or later. here's some more information: 
currently, only iphones with ios 10 or later are supported.
its attack of the new emoji. 
unleash a zombie emoji-pocalypse this halloween with the echo effect in messages. 
interesting. let's look into this. which ios version is showing in settings &gt; general &gt; about?
sorry to hear about the trouble. we just sent you a dm.
here to help! please send us a note at 
sorry to hear that. we just sent you a dm.
we can take a look! send us a note via 
here to help! send us a note at 
here to help! follow up here; 
please send us a dm with your account email address and we'll connect.
we can take a look! send us a note via 
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
here to help. send us a note at 
we're sorry to hear this. please contact us via 
thank for the shout-out alena.  glad we were able to help.  
hi jamie, one moment while i review your ticket. please follow via dm.  
that's great, jamie! i'm happy to hear you will make your flt. :-) 
hey eva! we've just sent you a dm. let's continue chatting there /ns
thanks, but we'd suggest deleting your tweet as it contains some sensitive info. can you send it via dm? let's continue chatting there /ch
2: to send us a dm or direct message (privately), just click on this link we've attached on this tweet /ch 
1: to delete your tweet, just tap on the icon that looks like an arrow pointing down and select delete tweet from the options. /ch
hey there! can you dm us your account's email address? we'll take a look backstage /rb 
2: recommend showing your support for the idea here: 
2: rest assured we'll pass your feedback on to the right folks. let us know if there's anything else we can help with /kb
1: thanks for pitching in! our team keeps a close eye on all submissions posted on our community page.
can you dm us your account's email address? we'll take a look backstage /kc 
just to check, are you able to play music fine, but the lock-screen controls are unavailable? we'll keep an eye out for your reply /mu
hmm. could you give us the exact ios 11 and spotify app versions you're using? we'll see what else we can suggest /ju
will it be possible if you can log in to another device? give us a shout if anything comes up /sj
thanks. can you try reinstalling the app? you can find the steps for your device at 
hey, help's here! is it still missing after logging out, restarting the app, then logging back in? let us know how it goes /sj
we'll keep that in mind! just give us a shout if you need anything else. we're... 
hi caspar. thanks for bringing this up. were always testing things in order to improve &amp; we'll pass on your thoughts to our devs /ju
hi freddy, yes we'll need to correct your name via the phone. this can't be done online. 
hi julie, if you have an aa ticket they will need to make any changes for you. please contact them. 
hi chaz, there's a flight calculator online that will tell you how many avios and tier points you will receive. 
hi toby, attaining tier points will move you through the tiers of the club. you do collect tier points on aa. 
hi david, so pleased you enjoyed our safety video. hope we can welcome you on board again very soon. 
did you get home okay, sheena? please let us know if you have any out of pocket expenses. 
we're so sorry for the delay, sheena. i know the was then an aircraft change, i hope the crew updated you.  did you purchase any food? 
so pleased you enjoyed our safety video, stephanie. hope we can welcome you on board again very soon.
hello there should be an auto extend feature for sports recordings.
try to set the recordings up individually instead of a series. should give you an option to record an extra hour and 30 minutes.
please dm so we can further assist you.
hello, let me do some research on the account to see what is causing this problem. please dm for assistance, thank you.
i see that you've recently posted about your comcast services, dm your account # so i can look into this &amp; speak privately. ~db
can you please dm us your account info so we can check the status of this for you?
thank you so much for the dm! your #magentahero is on the way! 
hey buddy, we would hate to see you leave! send me a dm so we can talk about it. 
joining the #magentafamily would be the best treat of the night! send us a dm, and we can make sure you're saving $$.  
you've come to the right place! can you please dm me via this link 
we appreciate you bringing this to our attention. please dm us. we're happy to help. 
hey bro! send me a dm, i got you 100% going on sophia? dm us and we'll check this out! 
let's turn this around for you right away! shoot us a dm and we can help! 
thank you for sending that dm sophia! i will meet you back in the dm's right now! 
i definitely want to help you out today! meet me back in the dm's! :) #gotyourback 
give us a dm and i can look into that for you :) 
we're thrilled you had the real american experience today, john! thanks for your loyalty.
we're glad we could help! we're here anytime, curtis.
we're excited to have you on board! thanks for letting us take you on this #aadventure.
wear comfy clothes, stretch prior to boarding and throughout the flight. also, make sure you drink plenty of water.
we can't wait!
we'd like more info to see if we can help. please dm your bag file number.
oh my, please dm your record locator and include your email &amp; mailing address. lastly, provide as many details as possible.
we're sorry for the situation, but we're happy you're making the best of it, john. please let us know if we can help.
woohoo! we can't wait to welcome everyone onboard with us!  
hi breanna. did you file a baggage report with our agents at the airport? 
counting down the minutes until we can welcome you onboard! glad we get to be a part of the adventure with you. 
they call us southbest for a reason! glad our team could make your flight one to remember. 
i'm with chase and saw your tweet. we always want you to have the best experience possible. please send us a dm with your name, zip code and more details of what happened. we want to help however we can.  
let us know how it goes!
what a solid costume idea! thanks for making the trek.
can these friends help? 
we can't wait to see you and your daughter! safe travels.
wed love to have you with us! i know that each customer has a unique situation, and we want to help in choosing the right account for you. please see 
that shouldn't happen. please tell us more here: 
thanks so much, and you should hear back from us soon.
it absolutely is.
that's next-level stuff right there. nicely done!
ha! you can't fault him for trying.
true story. thanks for the shout out!
we appreciate you stopping by!
i mean, that works for us!
my apologies for any frustration. i'm confident we'll include it next time.
oh no! why not?
once a grad, you won't have to worry about discount burritos. double meat and guac every time cause you'll be ballin'.
well that's frustrating  my apologies. please tell us more here: 
we're here for you! burritos aplenty.
that's very concerning. please provide more details here: 
we're here to help you out, my friend. thanks for stopping by!
we appreciate you, too!
well played, my friend.
oh no! is this close to the first ad break? what device are you using? the following tips may help: 
oh no! what sort of issues are you running into and what device. we have it on here in-house and haven't noticed anything odd.
we're sorry to hear about your frustration! we're making enhancements to the new app, so feel free to share your feedback.
please give us the opportunity to investigate your issue and we will contact you with a resolution.
your post brings great concerns to us. can you please send us a dm with the details so we can get down to the bottom of this?
hi! we would like to look into this. please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
we apologize for the delay. your assigned analyst will be contacting you shortly.
we regret to hear of your recent experience and we want to help. we will reach out to you momentarily to address your account concerns.
hello michael! we will send you a dm shortly.
our apologies for any frustrations or inconvenience ramon. is there anything we may be able to assist with?  .
i'm sorry for the wait. if you track your package online at 
our apologies, allow us to assist you from here. is the box sent a set top box for tv services? 
not sure how that was sent out but we do apologize if that was how it arrived. were we looking to replace that box at this time? 
great, follow us and send a dm so we may verify your info and get this taken care of.  
you can check for any outages based on your account here. 
we have sent you a direct message via twitter with further instructions.
hi there. please follow us via twitter so we can send you a dm with further instructions. thanks!
hi there, glad to assist! please check the following article to receive further assistance and information:  
let's check it out! what console are you using? what error message or error code do you see?
please start your system in safe mode and select restore default settings. steps here: 
 no these steps won't delete your game data.
you're welcome, anytime!
 it happens with all the games or just one game? if is just one game, did you try to uninstall and re-install it?
 sorry to know that. do you see any kind of error message or error code?
glad to know. feel free to contact us if you have further concerns.
hello nicolas! for assistance please follow us and send us a direct message, we look forward to your reply.
we have sent you a direct message via twitter with further instructions.
 hi frank. for billing issues, please follow the steps in the next link: 
hi tyler.  please check your dms for further instructions.
please post your feedback and ideas here: 
hi there! how can we help you today?
hey there, it should be available at midnight on the third in your timezone! is there anything else i can help with today? 
hi there, the game will be launch at this friday, that is a glitch on steam. any other inquiry let me know 
hello there, do you have a screenshot of your stats prior? also have you tried to clear your cache and power cycle ? 
please send us a dm for further assistance.  
lets have you try to clear your cache ed, sorry to hear you're having trouble here. we've looped in our illustrator expert to help! 
sorry to hear that! is there anything we can do to help? let us know- we're happy to assist. 
hi, were sorry about this- can you let us know more about whats happening? were here to help! 
feel free to reach back out if you need anything else! we're always here to help. 
hi, were sorry about this- is this happening with all images? which version are you using? were here to help! 
feel free to reach back out if you need anything else! we're always here to help. 
hi there, you'll have to run it separately as of right now. sorry for any inconvenience this has caused! 
definitely, i'll relay that to the indesign team. thanks for your feedback. 
we're looping in an expert who can help you out here. they will reply as soon as they're available. 
please let us know in case you need any further changes. 
great to hear! 
you can! theres a pop-up in the cc app that will come up asking if you want to keep the old version before you update. 
we just recently pushed a fix for this, so you can go ahead and update! here's how to fix the issue: 
hi lee, the indesign team is aware of this frustrating bug and is working on a fix. we recommend rolling back to the previous version. 
sorry to hear that! let us know if you need any help. 
ok, were looking into this and will get back to you soon. 
hi pat, please try the link mentioned on this page: check the exact dot version of installation 
hi pat, it seems like 2015.3 is already installed. what is the version in which the project is created? thanks. 
oh no! which os are you running? have you tried opening illustrator on a new user account on your computer? 
glad to hear it's resolved. please feel free to tweet us back if you have any other trouble. thanks! 
can you please submit a bug report to the indesign team here: 
please try 2736x1824 (recommended) resolution &amp; check. i am not able to set the res you specified, but i tried 2048x1536 &amp; got the issue. 
thanks for the clarification. showing fine at our end. what's the resolution of your monitor/display? what's the os used? is it id cc 2018? 
i am sorry, was not able to find out the issue looking at the screenshot. would you please dm more details, so that we can check? 
we want to know your experience with us, james! rate our support by clicking this link: 
just checking if you need further help. is everything good now? 
hello, james. just doing a follow-up on your case. are you successful in updating your address?
thank you for the update. please let us know if there is anything else we can do to assist you. we are always a dm away.
hi dazia, we want to look into this and assist you. we've located your reservation and will have a specialist contact you shortly via email.
hi carla, we're sorry to hear this. can you dm us your email address &amp; reservation code so our team can follow up? thank you.
no worries! glad to hear it's working.  
thanks for that! let's try the steps here: 
hi there! just to check, are you plugged into a power strip, surge protector, or directly into a wall socket?  
hello! let's try going through the steps here: 
are you still encountering this with your console? if so, we're official xbox support &amp; we'd be happy to help! 
oh no! please reach out to an inflight crewmember for options.
hello. how may we assist? pls dm us concern details and your contact info. thank you and regards.  
hi, it can only be done if you have a dedicated ip,  to add one to your shared hosting view: 
i'm not sure what you mean. that's a pretty good representation of domain buy service. we'd love to hear your feedback. 
i'm sorry your site is down. which site is this? i'll have a look. 
you can place your number on our do not call list by dialing 866-532-8530. 
why do you feel this way, ihsan? i want to know more about your experiences (no acct #) and see how i can improve them. 
sorry for the experience. tell me the exact location of the branch you visited &amp; i'll share this feedback appropriately. 
thanks for this info. i'll be sure to forward your feedback to the branch management team. 
did something happen? if so, tell me about your experience (no account numbers), and i'll do my best to help. 
let's see what's going. please dm your tracking number, address, and phone number.  
it is the drivers discretion to leave a package. if you need assistance please dm us.  
hey i'm sorry you have not received your package. can you please dm me your tracking number?  
i do apologize that you feel this way. if you need assistance please dm us.  
i would be happy to look into this for you! please dm your delivery address and phone number.  
can you tell us why you feel this way heather? we're here to help anyway we can. 
do you need assistance filing a claim? 
hi gary, can you tell us a little more about what's going on? 
unfortunately, screen repair is not guaranteed for all devices. another option is to complete your claim for a replacement. 
please report this to our support team here: 
please don't provide your details, we consider it personal information. our twitter page is visible to public. 
sorry for this ordeal, benish. please share your details here: 
please share your details from the link provided for us to look into your concern and assist you further. () 
i get your concern, benish. as this is a public platform, we wouldn't be able to check your order/account related info. ()
we haven't received your details. kindly share your details here: 
please don't provide your order details, as we consider them to be personal info. our page is visible to the public. () 
we've received your details and we'll reach out to you soon. () 
apologies for the delay in delivery of your order, benish. we'd like to take a closer look.  
i'm sorry about the damage, raymond! have you explored options for refund/replacement here: 
i understand! returns can be made as long as they fall under this policy: 
please don't provide your details, we consider it personal information. our twitter page is visible to public.  
we've emailed you in response to the details you shared earlier. please reply on the same for further assistance.  
we are always looking for ways to improve! you can provide your feedback to our developers here: 
i'm sorry you didn't receive the correct items! i recommend trying the steps here for wrong items: 
please keep us posted if a replacement was provided. we want to ensure you receive the correct phone case. 
i'm sorry for the bad experience! what options did we offer on the phone? 
i'm sorry for any trouble, chris! we're here to help. are you having trouble with a specific order? 
i get your concern, bigral. i'll share your comments with internal teams for review. do keep us posted. 
i just checked and can see that we have sent you an email correspondence. request you to please check your spam folder. 
if you haven't received any email, please share your details here: 
if you've shared your details in the link, we'll check and get back to you with an update soon. 
sorry for the trouble with the order. we've emailed you here: 
we would like to investigate further with you. please reach out to us at your convenience: 
oh, no! without providing personal/account information, could you tell us more about what's going on? 
i'm sorry it hasn't arrived! we strive to meet the delivery date in your confirmation e-mail. have we missed that date? 
() if weve missed the date in our order confirmation e-mail, please let us know here: 
i'm sorry for the wait! one-day shipping refers to transit time in business days once an order's shipped! ()
we are happy that our new selections bring you some comfort. stay strong cassandra 
ol, tiago. atualmente essa opo no est disponvel. qualquer novidade ser anunciada no nosso site e redes sociais. 
we're happy to help. are you experiencing battery issues, when using certain app?
your keyboard is important and we'd like to help get it working right. when did this start and which device model is it?
let's continue within dm here: 
we're here to help. which version of ios do you have installed on your device? you'd see this in settings &gt; general &gt; about.
thanks. let's continue the conversation in dm. 
we'd like to help any way we can. are other apps able to be downloaded on your device? which model is it and which os version?
we offer support via twitter in english. get help in spanish here: 
since our twitter support is available in english, get help at 
we're here to help. let's update your device to ios 11.1 and test to see if the issue persists: 
thank you for reaching out. may we ask which apps you're seeing the keyboard issue with?
thanks for letting us know. send us a dm and we'll do everything we can to get your keyboard back on track. 
we can take a look! send us a note via 
here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can assist.
here to help! please dm us your email address and provide more details about your concern, so we can further assist.
here to help. a member of our team have followed up via dm.
here to help. send us a note at 
we can definitely take a closer look! please send us a dm of the email address connected to your account so we can further assist.
here to help! please send us a note at 
hello! i am here to help. could you provide your confirmation number via dm so i can take a look for you? thanks. ... 
i think they both will.  
we'd recommend replying to them directly if you're unhappy with their response.  
sorry for the late reply, jarek. we're afraid our social media team aren't trained to assist with these type of queries. 
we don't like to hear this, terry. can you tell us more? 
help us. thanks.  
hi terry, unfortunately we don't have your contact number. please can you dm this to us? please also include any references that may 
so pleased you enjoyed our safety video, fergus. we hope we can welcome you on board again very soon.
you should find the information you need here: 
mastercard need to resolve this issue. we're afraid we're unable to assist you with this.  
glad to hear it, jon. thanks for letting us know. 
following link for an updated contact number 
are you contacting them because you're unable to use your compcard?  
we're sorry to hear that, jon. our customer relations team are available on 0344 493 0787 option 3, followed by option 2, 
account number, and the phone number associated with the account so i may better assist you? thank you.
message 1 of 2
1.tap the envelope icon. ...
2.tap the message icon to create a new message.
hello, i can further look into these x1 reboots for you. can you please dm me the full name and address on the account?
can you please dm us your account info so we can help with any connectivity issues?
wow. that's great to know. we're definitely available here on twitter to help at any time, curtis.
hello, thanks for reaching out about your new service concerns and i'm happy to help! can you please dm the full address? ~at
your service is critical to us, steve. we're on this; please send a dm our way. 
hey! shoot us a dm here with more info to check this out. we're here to make sure you #getthanked! 
we'd love to check it out with you!  please dm so we can help. 
hey jon, let us look into that code not working. we want to make sure you #getthanked, dm us. 
hello jackie, i will be your expert today to get you taken care of. can you tell me what code didn't work out for you? 
that's the last thing that i want to hear! dm me, and we can make this right. :) 
oh dang! we certainly do have lte and i want to make sure you're receiving it. dm us here and we'll check this out. 
we sincerely appreciate your loyalty and want to regain your trust. see you back in dm robert. 
we can do faster than that! click here to dm so we can make it happen! :) 
we're glad you're enjoying some of our #aateam's great costumes. their treat is getting to serve our best customers.
we know how important staying connected is, kyle. have a fantastic flight!
width can vary just slightly throughout the cabin. main cabin extra seats always have 4-6 inches of extra legroom.
we're sorry for any rudeness. if you have a basic economy ticket, then only a personal item would be allowed on board.
a specialist is still carefully reviewing this. someone will be in direct contact soon.
hi there! our reservations team can check on flights for you at 800-433-7300.
sorry to hear you're having issues with your fire tablet. seems to be a bit of an issue with the link above. please provide info here: 
i'm sorry for this poor experience. we'd like to look into this. please pass your details to us here: 
i'm so sorry we've let you down; that's never our intent! we'd like to take a closer look into this and explore options with you. please reach us by phone or chat when you have a moment for direct assistance:  
we're sorry to hear this. please feel free to dm us your confirmation number so we can follow up. 
there's a pumpkin on the wing... there's something they're not telling us!!  
you can bust a move on the ground with us and have fun at 35k. it's a win-win!  
we've always got your back, susan. our thoughts are with you and your family during this time. 
we're just creeping it real for you, katie! happy hallown! 
the smartest people, really.
my apologies  we're not accepting online orders tonight for our boorito promo. it'll be back on again tomorrow.
whip together a costume, come on in, and you can get a $3 main menu item!
sorry you aren't a fan of the queso, but we appreciate you stopping by!
that burrito will give you the necessary brain food.
we love you right back.
that doesn't sound good. please tell us more here: 
such party animals! i like your style.
i'm so sorry about that. i'm confident we'll include it next time.
is that... a stitch onesie?
it breaks mine, too. where will you be?
thanks for stopping by!
what's been the best one you've seen?
i see what you did there...
sounds about right!
we're so glad you're a fan. what was your costume?
where you're going, you don't need roads. just bowls.
that's a legit question.
we're not accepting app orders tonight during our boorito promotion  my apologies. it'll be back tomorrow.
i like where your head's at.
hi, biplab. a member of our team has been in touch via in-app support regarding this issue. please check the "help" section of the app and reply there directly.
i'm sorry for any concern this causes! we'd like a chance to look into this with you by phone or chat here: 
sorry those were missing for you, julia! we got jane and weller on it, you should be able to catch the eps after a device restart
that shouldn't be! if you restart our app, then go to browse&gt; networks &gt;espn, any change?
thanks for checking! let's go ahead and try these: 
either way, we're glad you're back in action! don't hesitate to tweet us again if we can be of further assistance, craig!
no news for on-demand plans currently; we can share the interest. we're able to slip them through with a portal gun for live tv.
oh no! which device are you using? if you try a quick reboot of your device, is there any improvement?
got it. please try out: 
sorry to hear about this! which device are you on? if you try a quick device+modem/router reboot, any change?
is there anything else we can assist you with today?
this issue is being investigated for you and we will contact you on thursday with a resolution.
my pleasure. is there anything else i can assist you with today?
i recommend going to 
we would like to look into this for you. please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
hi! the deal's available when you get it with sprint flex &amp; trade-in an eligible device. info available here: 
tell us why? we really want to know.
hello there! please check our current promotions by clicking on the link 
that's not the feedback we like to read. what seems to be the issue? let us know, we're here to help.
we'd be more than willing to take a look at the area for you if you can dm us a good intersection, j. :)
good evening, heather seems to be the issue? will you pm us with the specifics, please?
this is concerning to us. please, send us a dm with more details of your issue for us to assist you further.
i do apologize for the inconvenience. i will be happy to help. do you mind talking through dm?
i do apologize for the inconvenience and i will be happy to help. can you dm me your account number?
hello, i am happy to look into this. can you dm your account name and full address?
our apologies for any frustrations or inconvenience kyle. is there anything we may be able to assist with?  .
i'm sorry kyle. there is not a telephone number i am able to provide. however, you are welcome to provide any fee... 
we would handle these types of inquiries as we are part of the corporate team. we do not have a number to provide... 
i apologize for the inconvenience. i can look into that for you. can you please send me your account or phone num... 
 we've no news to share at the moment paul. to be the first to know, register for updates here: 
ah right, did you apply the promotional code you were given through the app at the checkout?
the promotional code shows up when you click 'use it now' and copies to your clipboard but you'd need to make sure this has been pasted into the field you can add codes to on the website. to confirm, did you do this? if you did, you'd need to contact the retailer.
 we'd like to help. have you contacted the retailer directly about this at all? if you've received other items in your order but not the snowglobe then you'd need to contact them.
hi there! please dm us with your phone number so we can further assist you. 
for more information on authorization, check out an article at our help center at 
depending on your bank, this may take 3-5 business days to reflect on your statement.
they can happen more than once, either when adding a payment method or when requesting a ride.
this is not a charge, but an authorization used to verify your payment method. 
we're really sorry to hear about your experience. please send us a dm with more details, and we'd be happy to help.
hi i'm sorry to hear about this! please send me a dm with your account email address, country of residence. thanks! 
hello i am so sorry to hear about that issue. can you please send me a dm, so we can work on this further? thanks in advance! 
i am sorry to hear about this trouble you are having with this payment. please send me a dm and i can help you further. 
hey! sorry about the wait, the queue's a bit backed up. i just sent you a dm, please check your inbox. 
hi! i've replied to your dm! :) 
hi there! i'm sorry to hear about this situation. please send us a dm with some more details about this! 
sorry to hear about this. please send me a dm if you need help. :) 
what error message is being shown on the tv?
the "channel unavailable" would indicate a possible poor coax/splitter connection. are all your tvs having the same issue? 
do you happen to know where your main splitter is? 
please check the connection on your splitter to make sure it is secured.
we want to try a reset to your home network. do you know where your back up battery is located?
please press and hold down the "alarm silence" or "ont reset" button for about 15 seconds. the network terminal to reboot.
when you reset the battery backup did you wait 5 minutes and reset the router?
thanks for trying. please follow and dm us to continue. 
that is a long time to wait. we can help here. are other services down or just the tv?
unfortunately we cannot override the wait time that it takes to allow continued log in. 
you can perfrom another factory reset. just hold it down for about 15 seconds and allow the router a couple mins to reboot.  
you're welcome.
awesome! tweet us if you need any help. 
we're here to assist you in any way we can! let us know the details of what happened. you can also dm us if needed. 
understood, please follow us and dm the ticket number so we may get started.  
we would like to assist since you reached out to us here. we are here 24x7 for when you have a chance to dm your ticket number.  
we want to provide the correct support. is this regarding your mobile or business  land line services? 
there are many factors that contribute to the search rank and sales. we'd love to review your account. dm us details. 
i tried to call you and your voice mail is full. please dm us when you are available. 
please use link below to send your full name/zip/phone/account type and well follow up with you.  
hello, we're here to help. please let us know if there's something we can help on your account.  
please let us know if you have any account related concerns we can help with. thanks. 
hello, what happened? we're here to help! please let us know if there is anything we can do. thank you. 
i called and left a message with my contact info. please let me know the best time to reach you. 
thanks for writing back. we'll try again. 
thanks for talking with me.  if you need any further help please let us know. 
please dm the street/city/state of the financial center where this happened. 
hello,  we understand your frustration and know your time is valuable. what brought you to the financial center today? 
2) have you spoken with our loyalty team about your monthly rate?
hello, if you wish to speak to someone directly sooner.  you can dial 888-269-9693 for support.
1) hello, we do strive to provide the best value in the services that we offer.
@117915, you can block upper right pull down.  = jj
let's take a look at this for you. could you dm us your full address and the primary name on the account.
@117917, you can check online it should show up each service is $9.99 a month.  = jj
please dm your complete address and name on the account.
glad to hear you had a great experience! have a great rest of your day.   
...info. thanks! 
that's great to know mags, we're really pleased  have you had many people ask about it when you offer them a biscuit? 
ah we see...it's part of the over all decorations! makes sense really  feel free to tweet us some snaps of it in use 
some like biscuits from a tin, others prefer them from a musical snow globe. 
however you do christmas, everyones welcome at tesco. #everyoneswelcome 
hi chloe, please complete this form and our team will be in contact if the suitcase is retrieved're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
request you to dm your contact details so we can look into the issue. regards,pradnya 
we appreciate your flying delta. have a great day! 
that's awesome! happy halloween 
looking good pilot parker!
congrats! our reservation's team will need to assist you at (800) 252-7522
hi, i am sorry about this. please follow me and dm your order number and i can look at this for you.- laurence.
oh no! dm us the email on your account so we can investigate!
yes! dm us with your account email :)
we want you to have the best possible coverage at all times. lets take a closer look at whats going on so we can get you up and running. please send a dm my way for a closer look 
your safety is very important to us. we'd like to learn more. please dm us the store location and your contact info. thanks.
hi lizzy. for immediate assistance, please call our digital assist team at: 800-297-1234, . thank you. 
our apologies. we are here to help you. please dm for assistance and we'll respond asap. thank you.
sorry to hear this happened. i would recommend contacting your shipper to start a package investigation at this point. 
i do apologize that you feel this way. if you need assistance please dm our team.  
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can assist.
hey katlyn. so sorry about this. please dm us your info and we will reach out to you right away! thanks doordash
thanks for this message. sorry for the trouble.  please dm us with your email address &amp; we'll reach out right away!
thanks for this message. sorry for the trouble.  please dm us with your email address &amp; we'll reach out right away!
oh no! i'm really sorry to hear about this, i have went ahead and credited the cost of the item back to your doordash account.
hi, we've replied to your dm. please get back to us when you can. thanks 
i'm sorry about that! i would recommend logging out and clearing cache and cookies. let us know if that works! 
i'm glad you're enjoying the oasis! you're welcome to send us feedback with this e-mail: __email__. 
i'm sorry! blue shade isn't a supported feature on child profiles. 
garcias jcob pintle :). nos alegra mucho saber que hacemos bien nuestro trabajo. tratamos de mejorar cada da ms.  
i'm sorry we let you down! do you have a current order that has passed the delivery date? 
what does the current tracking indicate? also, who does the tracking indicate as carrier?: 
deliveries will run up until 21:00.  let us know what happens.
i'm sorry it hasn't arrived! please get in touch with us here: 
please get in touch with us here: 
we'd like to help! have you noticed any unauthorized activity on your account? 
i'm so sorry for the wait. if you have a moment, please contact us by chat or phone: 
i'm sorry your order hasn't arrived! we'd like to see how we can help so please reach us here: 
oi juliana. qual  a data de entrega do seu pedido?  
i'm sorry to hear about the trouble. we'd like to take a closer look into this for you here: 
oh no, blair! can you confirm the delivery date that was provided in your order confirmation email? 
i'm sorry you haven't received your item! can you tell us who the carrier is? found here: 
we always strive to get your order to you at the stated expected delivery time that is stated at the time of checkout 
let's look into this keyboard issue for you. send us a dm with your current ios version to get started. 
can you confirm what version of ios you updated to? also, have you tried restarting your device?
please send us a dm and we will go from there. 
hi, we'll be happy to help. to start, let's give the troubleshooting steps in this article a try: 
we want to help you. that station may not be available. availability of live stations varies depending on your location.
since our twitter support is available in english, get help at 
we are here for you. let's take a look at this further for you. reach out to us in dm. 
we offer support via twitter in english. get help in spanish here: 
awesome! it's our pleasure. feel free to reach out anytime a question comes up.
let's work on a solution together. to start, which device model and exact ios version are you using?
we'd be happy to help. send us a dm and we can start there. 
we want you to have a smooth experience with our updates. what exactly is happening with your iphone?
if you complete an achievement, but don't earn the award, you will earn theaward within 9days of completing the challenge.
thanks for letting us know. please send us a dm with the current country you're in. 
hi there! yes, you're always welcome to bring your own car seat along for the ride.
here to help! find out more here on how uber car seat works 
sorry to hear about the trouble! we just sent you a dm.
we feel the love! weve passed your request on to our real estate team. thanks! 
happy to help! please reach out to 
here to help! connect with us through 
hello troy i am here to help. please provide you ticket number via dm for assistance.  
...speak to you on this.   
hey! sorry about that. we'll pass the feedback on to the right people /rb
hey there! could you send us a dm with your account's email address? we'll take a look backstage /fr 
we're glad to have you back on board, andy. we know that you don't want to leave tokyo so you'll just have to go back. 
we're very glad to hear it, andy! although we know it's always nice to be away, there's something even nicer about coming home. 
hi kevin, we don't like to read this. did our crew offer to move your seat? 
we're very sorry you were let down, kevin. 
that's good to hear, kevin. thanks for your understanding, i do hope we can welcome you back on board soon. many thanks. .
hi phil, a patch will be done on 1 november. this should resolve the issues you are having. 
if we could offer service to every city we would. ~db
i can certainly pass on your feedback to the necessary department but i can't guarantee that we'll be able to get service out there.
there sometimes are contracts in place that inhibit us from servicing certain parts in your area. i wish there was more we could do.
and send us a direct message with your account information so that i can see what's going on. xg
uh oh, let's figure out what's going on with your service john. dm us and we'll investigate. 
if  you decide you want to troubleshoot just message us!  we have your back! 
hey there!  will you follow this link 
i'd love to provide you all the #magentadetails! please dm me here: 
thanks so much for reaching out to us. shoot me a dm so i can assist you today. :) 
i am sorry but with the restrictions from gucci, we are unable to override the request to change the date. the only option that we have is for it to be delivered this is why you were unable to make changes online. i am sorry about this.  
please dm us for all the ins and outs of making a jump upgrade :) 
hi! let's see what we can do to help you and your husband. send us a pm. 
no problem at all. its a huge honor for us to support our troops.
glinda was a good witch... 
phew. enjoy your flight! 
as long as you don't start melting, you should be good to go! tell the wizard we said hi. 
welp, this got awkward... 
it was a pleasure having you onboard and spending hallown with you, jessica. come back and see us again soon! 
hey jessica're serving complimentary adult drinks onboard today. happy halloween! 
sounds like a hallown to us! enjoy your flight! 
that's what we're talking about! i'm on episode 6. you? 
ah! no spoilers!
thanks for flying with us, kevin. =) 
it was a pleasure having you onboard and spending hallown with you, jeff. come back and see us again soon! 
i wish for that, too. i'm sad you aren't here, my friend.
we appreciate you being such a loyal fan.
this is concerning to hear. please reach out to our team at the link so we can look into it:  
this is concerning to hear. please let our team know at the link:  
what's stopping you?
we sure won't forget!
that burrito looks darn near perfect. thanks for stopping by!
i'd be upset, too. please tell us more so we can help: 
that shouldn't be happening. please tell us more so we can help: 
our app ordering is turned off tonight for our boorito promo, but it'll be back on again tomorrow.
it looks pretty great tonight.
super cool. home yet?
yahoo! home stretch.
lots of green in that photo! i love it.
your week is off to a burritoful start!
and that's a very important duty.
thanks for stopping by!
that doesn't sound good. please tell us more here: 
we'd like more details than 140 characters can provide, and we want to follow up.
i'm so sorry about that. please tell us more so we can help: 
we'll always ahve your back.
which was it?
either that or someone was super dedicated to the costume.
that's very concerning. please tell us more so we can investigate: 
thank you, and someone should be in contact with you no later than tomorrow morning.
thanks for the shout out!
right? so clutch.
great suggestion! we'll be sure to share the interest in adding little nicky to our library with our content team!
if you give the device a reboot, you should be able to catch those remaining eps from season 2. our team corrected this for us!
sorry to keep you away, maddy! we're here to help and get you back in action. what device? try out: 
that's not what we like to hear, claire! what device is this on? do you continue to run into this after reinstalling the app?
hi david. with most content, you should see the recording available right after it airs. there can, however, be a delay.
currently, the note 8 does have wi-fi calling. send us a dm so we can provide you with the steps to activate it.
we r sorry u feel this way. we strive for the satisfaction of all. how may we b of assistance?-dd
hi there, thanks for reaching out to us. please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you. sprint cares.
hey there! we are happy to hear this.
i apologize for the issues with the channel. please dm us your account number or phone number so we can assist you. 
i apologize for the service issues david. please dm us your account number or phone number so we can assist you. 
we want to provide the correct support. is this regarding your mobile or residential services? 
help has arrived. what trouble are you having with your service?
pro-ration.
the prorated amount will depend on the order's timing within your billing cycle. 
thanks for the tweet! we'll refer this to our wireless colleagues since we handle fios and dsl accounts. 
for further assistance please follow us and send us a direct message, we look forward to your reply.
hi verton,  glad to help!  please post your feedback and ideas here: 
hi! please follow us via twitter and let us know so we can send you a dm with further instructions. thanks!
hi ido. restore licenses, steps: 
here to assist! please follow the step sin the link and try to download the content again: 
would you mind providing more details about the issue? we'd certainly follow up.  
and then join the paths. not sure why this error is occurring, but that's a good workaround!  
would you mind providing more details about the issue? we'd certainly follow up.  
please check if this helps: 
would you mind providing more details about the issue? we'd certainly follow up.  
sorry to hear that! anything we can do to help? let us know- we're happy to assist. 
hi, were so sorry to hear this. can you provide more detail on whats going on? were here to help, just need more info. 
hey there! for further information, i suggest contacting gamestop. let me know if you have any other questions. 
the season pass is included with the digital deluxe edition. if you'd like the season pass, make sure you get this version. 
have a good rest of your night :) 
hi there! please reach out to me at this link for assistance. thank you.  
hey there, thanks for reaching out. can you provide a video of the issue you're experiencing? 
good evening, can you provide a video of you having this weapon in your inventory? 
if you would like to get back in touch when you are available, feel free to contact us. 
hi there. would you be able to confirm the region affected and your sub id please? 
back of your card.thank you. 
hi.i apologize for any inconvenience.for immediate assistance,pls contact us at the customer service number on the
i'm sorry to hear of your issues with our agents, please dm me and i would be happy to take a look and see what we can do.
i'm sorry you feel this way. can you give me more info about what happened so i can look into it and try to help (no acct #)? 
if you get in line now, we're jealous of you. but if you don't, that's honestly worse.  
in order to buy the "gorgeous" magazines, we suggest going to the store on friday , not sunday. are you "ready for it?" we can't wait!
we're sorry your order is late! can you dm us your contact info? thanks!
feel free to still dm us. thanks!
thank you for your suggestion! we will forward this for review. 
we're sorry for the wait time, dan! please dm us and we can open a complaint for you.
please send your tracking # via dm so we can look into any issues for you.  
please dm me your tracking info so i can look into that for you.  
i'm sorry you have not received your package. will you please dm me your tracking number?  
this package is out on the truck to be delivered tonight.  
if you need any assistance, please dm our team further details and any tracking information.  
hello! could you please dm with the phone number associated with your lyft account? 
hey there, can you please dm us the phone number associated with your account so we can look into this for you?
that's a bit odd. i'll be happy help, just send me a dm! 
hey! thank you for sending a dm. i have messaged you back. :) 
hello! we sent you a message with more information, so that we can further assist you. please check your dm's. 
hi! i've responded to your dm, and thank you for your patience. 
oh no! the bread bowl is the best part! can you dm us with your order number? we'd be happy to look into this and help.
yes, release-date delivery is definitely a thing and the amazon prime two day shipping does mean two days after processed. 
i'm sorry for the frustration! did you select release-date delivery at checkout? 
i'm sorry! we'd love to help where we can. please give us more details without sharing personal account information. 
we'd still like to help. what does the tracking show in your orders: 
when you were on the phone with us, did we mention a date as to when we could provide more options? 
hey, mike! were the other late items also shipped via usps? you can check here: 
i hope you are willing to give us a chance in the future to make things right.  ()
i'm sorry we let you down on this order. if the order arrives too late, you can return them for a full refund.  ()
yikes! we'd like to take a closer look into this. please reach out with more information here: 
i'm sorry you haven't received an update on your shipping details! you can check your order here: 
please keep an eye on your e-mails and check your junk/spam folder. we'll let you know once we've confirmed a date. 
i can understand the frustration this has caused already. i sincerely want to look into this and be able to help. please dm the previously requested information so i can proceed. i appreciate your patience.  
thanks for reaching out, gemma! we have responded to your direct message. please respond to us there! 
i am so sorry about that! who was the carrier? you can find that info here: 
please give us a call here: 
thanks for the information. please let us know if your order doesn't arrive by friday. 
i'm sorry that your package has not shipped! did we miss the promised delivery date found here: 
i'm sorry your order hasn't arrived! what is the delivery date shown in the confirmation e-mail: 
please get in touch with us here: 
please try to remove and reinsert the sd card following the steps here: 
check the sd card slot and make sure there is no particulate matter which may be effecting how the card is being detected. 
we'd like to try to solve this problem for you! please contact us here so we can take a closer look: 
that's odd! we'd like to help further with this. when you can, please reach out to us here: 
i'm sorry you haven't received your order yet! have we missed the delivery date confirmed via e-mail: 
we're unable to access accounts on twitter but we'd like to look into it for you here: 
oh no! i'm sorry you haven't received your order! please contact us here so we may look into this: 
we'd still like to help. what is the delivery date shown in the order e-mail: 
i would like a member of our team look into this for you. please fill out this form: 
i'm so sorry to hear this! without revealing any personal account information, will you provide us with more details? 
what kind of problems are you having with your fire stick, mildred? 
oh no! we'd like to look into this in real time with you. please reach us via phone here: 
i'm sorry your order arrived damaged, marsha! you can see available options for that item here: 
we'd like to offer our help. please shoot us a dm and we'll explore the battery challenge. 
we're here to help. did this happen after a specific update, or just recently? thanks!
we want to help further! what model of ios device are you using? do you have the most recent version of ios 11.1 downloaded?
we'd like to investigate with you. send us a dm and we can troubleshoot more from there. 
we certainly want you to be able to type. have you tried restarting the device since this has happened?
we'd like to help. what's going on?
thanks. we'll help get to the bottom of this together. what version of ios are you currently running?
we'd like to suggest updating to ios 11.1, which came out today, and see if the same issues continue: 
let us help. tell us which device you're using, and the version of ios 11 you have installed.
we'd like to help. let's take this to dm and we'll explore ways to provide you assistance. 
we'd like to gather more information. let's meet in dm. 
we would love to help you with this! is this the front or rear facing camera? which device and ios version?
we want you to be able to rely on your calendar. what exactly is going on with it?
we want to look into this with you. dm us and let us know what model of computer you use this cord with. 
let's get both working right, starting with your iphone. which model is it and what's happening with it? steps tried?
did you receive an error message, or were you just prompted to enter in the passcode for your ios device after the restart?
let's give the steps in this article a try, and keep us posted on the results please: 
alright, let's continue working on this via dm. tell us what country you're currently in. 
let's take a closer look together. which macos version is installed currently? where does this screen come up on your mac?
were available to help. which device model and operating system are you using? let us know in dm. 
we'd like to investigate with you. send us a dm and we can troubleshoot more from there. 
hi there! you may write into 
here to help! connect with us through 
here to assist! please send us a dm of the email address connected to your account and more details so we can take a closer look.
we see your outreach and a member of our team will be following up via email as soon as possible. we appreciate your patience.
we can take a look! send us a note via 
were here to help! send us a note via 
hi violetta! find out more info about how ratings are determined here: 
here to help! please send us a note at 
here to help. send us a note at 
thanks, aaron! you're the real rockstar!  
can you dm us the username or email address so we can pull up the account and take a closer look? /ju 
you're right. it's possible that some tracks from her itunes isn't available on spotify. this is why you can't play these tracks /ju
hey andy! since sonos streams directly from spotify's catalog, it's not possible to play your local files. hope this clarifies things /jp
you're welcome. if you have any other questions, just give us a shout. take care! /kc
we haven't launched there yet, but hopefully we'll get there soon. make sure to add your email in the link we sent earlier. stay tuned  /kc
hey there! we're launching regularly in countries around the world. sign up here to be first to hear: 
apologies for the delay to your bag and the choice of meals available. we'll pass your comments on. 
that's great to hear, amy. enjoy the big apple. 
thanks for your amazing post, amy. where will you be travelling to? 
we certainly can help! send a dm and let's get started! 
hmm let's take a look. send us a dm and we'll see what's going on 
please send the requested info via dm. we need your contact info (phone and email).
whoa! that's a lot of chipotle. nicely done.
mmmm that looks so good.
we're doing it all night  come on in!
no plans for changes in the near future, but we appreciate the suggestion.
same to you! and i want that costume.
sounds like plan enough to me.
thanks for the shout out!
we use real ingredients, and we're working with our menu development team. we  hope you give it another shot soon.
feel free to check out 
true story right there.
sounds like a solid night!
this is seriously melting my heart.
what a great looking crew!
we appreciate your commitment. i'm confident the line will move quickly.
that shouldn't happen. please tell us more so we can help: 
quick &amp; easy costume? we'll take it!
i mean, i feel like that's just a win/win right there.
we appreciate you stopping by!
we feel the same.
my apologies crystal, i am happy to look into this for you.  please follow/dm us your account information including the full address and phone number so that i may assist you. 
dear ken's awesome followers: do you have two tickets? i would also like to go. 
our crews love to show their fun-loving attitudes. thanks for sharing halloween with us! 
so happy to hear that, brent! we love sharing halloween with you. enjoy your flight. 
we tend to have a spook-tacular time! 
no scary fees here. just spooky fun. happy halloween! 
sorry for the trouble! try a quick reboot of your device+modem/router. if no change, call/chat us: 
  we're currently investigating reports of playback trouble and login issues with a very high priority. we'll update here accordingly.
oh no! which device are you using to stream? if you try a quick reboot of the device+modem/router, any change?
on our base plan, ads help us offer new content, without the wait, while keeping our price down: 
sorry for the delay! in this case, we kindly ask going through spotify support for further support.
thanks for reaching out, chris! our app can be a bit more demanding than others. let's see if these help: 
apologies for the delay. are you still having trouble streaming on your atv? if so, contact: 
we understand. please send us a dm so we can further assist.
hey malika, this is not the kind of feedback we like to hear! please send us a dm elaborating on the issue. we're here to help!
let's look into this. please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you. 
hey azael, su tweet realmente nos preocupa. por favor envenos un dm para poder asistirle.
we want to help you, in order for us to do so, you'll need to send us a direct message so we can better assist.
i apologize for the inconvenience. i will be glad to assist you. can you dm me your name and acct # or phone #?
our apologies for the trouble, allow us to assist you from here. what issue are you having and does it impact all your tvs? 
oh no, is this happening on all your tvs and does it impact commercials? 
we understand the frustration. your internet light is amber right now correct?
i'm sorry about that. did you let a manager know?
amazonamazonamazontn
hi there! enable the automatic downloads for the content to download as soon as it becomes available: 
sorry to hear that! please follow us via twitter and let us know so we can send you a dm with further instructions. thanks!
sorry to hear about the inconveniences,try accessing to safe mode and choose the option number #2 :  
here to help! please check the audio settings. details here: 
strange! are you changing it through the console or the app? what error message do you receive?
please try using the app and let us know the outcome.
if the issue persists share the details of this issue in our community forum for further investigation: 
hi there! for assistance please follow us and send us a direct message, we look forward to your reply.
sorry for the inconvenience. for billing issues, please follow the steps in the next link: 
here to help! please let us know the exact error code or error message that you receive when you try to sign in.
a very helpful network troubleshooting guide for all devices can be found here: 
hi! there is no information to share at the moment, stay tuned to our blog for updates here:
hi! please set up a travel notification on 
direct message by clicking on the link below. cheers   
hmm that is interesting you send us a dm with more information so i can look into that for you? 
while we allow buyers to leave feedback this, replying to their feedback: 
while we reply as quickly as we can, if you need live immediate assistance you can call us directly by going to help&amp;contact. 
you can send us a message by clicking the link below.  
please send us your name/zip/ph#/acct type &amp; our social care team will follow up with you. 
 factors including the type of check deposited, the source and the amount. 
hi, we can look at your specific situation with you. it depends on various 
know if your services are still down. (3)
mike, the system is set up to notify cox if our equipment goes down. thank you for your patience!
this yet, please disconnect the cable line and power cord from your equipment for 2 minutes, then reconnect. let us (2)
hi mike, i'm not showing an outage declared in your area. i'm not seeing your equipment online. if you haven't done (1)
we are are pairing neighbor hood by neighborhood the techs have not supplied an eta for each area.-greg
hi, there is not a way to override this setting. our tech are working thought the state to restore service
i was able to access the game on this app.
i've located your account. to protect your privacy, please delete the tweet that contains your address.
please try to download the "fox now" app and sign into your cox account to see if you can access it there
 we don't want to lose you as a cox customer. we can look into this for you. please dm your account information.
this isnt how i want you to feel. let me look into this for you. dm your name and complete address.
hey there, were happy to pass on your suggestion. can you dm us a few more details? thanks!
...if you need to restore your folder to a previous point in time, let us know so we can advise + assist. thanks! 
no worries, happy to help in any way we can! 
hi again, if you are interested in rolling back a folder or restoring files, the best thing to do would be to write to us at... 
hey there, can you tell us if youve doing this using our web interface, or our desktop app? thanks!
...name after the sync happened? are the files youre replacing large or small in size? 
hi again, are the files getting replaced on the same computer, or via a network drive/share where the dropbox folder is located?
...id so we can follow up on the case? thanks! 
thanks so much for the update, jochen free to let us know once you get your ticket id, wed love to stay followed up with you on this. happy friday!
hi there, looks like this needs to be investigated by our team at 
...finder. is it possible that on your end the file is getting completely deleted, and then replaced with the file with the same... 
hi again, apologies for the confusion. we just tested it here and the link remains the same and still works when replacing a file in... 
hi there, links are connected to specific files so overwriting one would mean that the previous is deleted, therefore the link... 
us as it is taking a bit longer than usual. we will sort this out at the earliest.()
we understand your concern has been discussed and communicated. regards, prashant
apologies for the trouble. we understand how frustrating this can be. please bear with ()
apologies for the trouble. please dm us your idea number to assist you further.
 as it contains service. direct message the details after trying the steps to assist you further. 
reference please direct message the system service tag. how to locate the service tag (
 to try the steps below:
please remove the battery and disconnect the adapter. press and hold the power button for 15 seconds.
good question, a reservations agent will need to assist at 1.877.359.8474 
beyond adorable! thanks for choosing to fly with us.
heck yea! #irunalaska
loving your spooky boots! thanks for taking care of our guests.
trick-or-treat!
great! thanks for letting us know
hi there. can you follow and so we can respond to your dm please? thanks!
do you have time to chat securely through our website so i can look at your account? 
do you have access to your account online? you can also call 800-430-1000, . 
hi lisa. which u.s. based card do you have? 
thank you for choosing american express as your card of choice eric. enjoy your evening!
if we can assist you in any way in the future,pls let us know.thank you.
hi lisa. pls follow &amp; i will send you some information via dm. thanks. 
we are here to help. please send us a message and we'll get started looking into this for you.
thanks for getting in touch. send us a message and we'll get started helping you out.
hi, please send us a message and we'll look into this with you.
hi, thanks for getting in touch. please send us a message and we'll get started working through this.
we are here to help. please send us a message and we'll get started looking into this for you.
try searching the guide using the "b" button for your local line up.  
we know how important it is to find the products you love. we've shared your request with the merchandising team. 
thanks for reaching out to us. could you dm us and give us details so we can assist you further? we are here to help.
i'm sorry for any frustration caused! let us know if you do need help in the future.  
i'm sorry you feel this way! what is going on? please dm your tracking number, address and phone number.  
i'm sorry to hear that happened. please dm your tracking # so we can look into that for you.  
i would be happy to look for you! please dm your tracking number, delivery address and phone number.  
i think we can make this work 
i see a great friendship in our future! happy halloween 
kimberly, you are always welcome to fly with us anytime you'd like 
we have our ways 
hi there! please dm us with your phone number so we can further assist you. 
hi, there. we're sorry to hear this. can you send us a dm with your phone number so we can help? 
hi there! please dm us with your phone number so we can further assist you. 
hi there! i'm sorry to hear about this situation. please send us a dm with some more details about this! 
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
hi there! please visit; 
we see your outreach and a member of our team will be following up via email as soon as possible. we appreciate your patience.
we'll be happy to take a closer look. send us a note via 
lamento los inconvenientes. recomiendo reportar lo ocurrido a nuestro servicio al cliente: 
comprendo. ya entraste en contacto con el transportista? 
hola.cul es la fecha de entrega de tu pedido? 
ol, cassiel. sem compartilhar informaes pessoais ou da sua conta, me diga, como posso ajudar voc? 
recomendo entrar em contato diretamente com o sac da kdp, para eles conferirem o seu caso: 
i'm afraid, we'll not be able to take any action on your account once it is put on hold. request you to wait for the email. 
further, we wouldn't be able to offer any additional insight/ info in this regard. appreciate your understanding. () 
as this is account related, our specialist team are the best ones to assist you.  () 
i get your concern, hussain. as requested, please reply to the correspondence sent by our specialist team. () 
hi, you should have received an email with an update over your account. we will not be check this for you. 
oh no! let's talk about this in real time. please call or chat with us here: 
just to confirm, what's the current tracking information listed for your order here: 
i'm so sorry for the wait! what does tracking information say here: 
happy halloween to this very, very good puppy! i'd be lion if i said he didn't have my heart! 
oh no! have you checked the mailbox? these steps may help locate the order: 
i'm sorry those steps didn't help! who was the carrier for this order? you can check here: 
i'd like someone from my team to check into this. when you can, please drop your details here: 
amazon(*`*) ty
amazon(o*_)o ty
hi, not hugh:) who is the carrier for this delivery? you can find this information here: 
hey, hugh! are you having trouble receiving a recent order? 
please provide your details here: 
hola. lamento los inconvenientes. aqu podrs ver las opciones de reembolso o reemplazo disponibles 
we're here to help. after backing up your device, let's try updating your device through itunes: 
we want to help. which version of ios 11 do you have installed on your device? let us know in dm. 
are you on the latest ios 11.1 version?
please send us a dm and we will go from there. 
is this coming up with any other apps when doing the same thing? which ios version is in settings &gt; general &gt; about?
how are you closing the app? 
meet us in dm with a screenshot of what shows in settings &gt; notifications &gt; whatsapp, please. 
let's see how we can help. is that the message you see when trying to swipe the notification and get to the app?
we'd love to look into this with you!  to begin, can you dm us what ios version you're currently on? 
alright, no problem. let's look into it closer via dm: 
thanks for reaching out to us. can you please let us know if you have updated to ios 11.1? it was released today.
thank you for reaching out. may we ask where you're located? let us know in dm. 
let's continue within dm here: 
we're always ready to help, but we'll need more details to start. reply by dm with which model is it and what's happening with it. 
we want to help you. dm us, and let us know what's going on. we'll look into this. 
great question! you can read more about changing your appearance with face id here: 
we'd like to work with you and look into this together. do you have a previous backup to your iphone on either itunes or icloud?
let's take a look at this together in dm. 
we've responded to your dm.
if you need further assistance please provide your tracking number. 
i apologize for any frustration you may have experienced. if you need further assistance please send us your tracking number in a dm.  
here to help! send us a note here; 
here to help! send us a note here; 
we can definitely follow up! send us a note here: 
happy to help! find out more info about trip earnings here; 
our tracking system indicates the reason for the delay is the package was left in the hub awaiting the next sorting process, we were unable to process it at the last sort. regretfully, your new delivery date hasn't updated at this time. lg 
here to help! send us a dm with your email address with more info so we can assist.
has your service been disconnected? i can check the account if you could dm your address or account number. 
hi laura, was you looking to order in store or online? ty
hi laura. thank you for contacting us. what store were you looking to purchase your turkey? many thanks
hi laura, sorry to be a pain, which turkey would you prefer from the magazine? then we can look further into this :)ty, andy
hi laura, we have a wide variety of sizes in store and online from sizes serving 3-4 people to 15-16 people.hope this helps. ty-brian
i'm sorry for the trouble. care to share details while i have you here?-jen
sorry for the trouble! we will pass along the feedback.  
oh no! my apologies for that delay. what flight number number you speaking of and i will be glad to take a look? 
my apologies for that delay and it looks like at this time it is planned to depart at aprox 9:40 pm. thank you.  
so sorry to hear about the delay. please dm your confirmation # so that we can look into this. 
hey! we can help out in english via twitter, but we also have indonesian support via email at 
i'm glad to hear that and we are here  for assistance in the future! ~at
address, and account number so i can assist further with this issue. thanks!
hi, i can definitely look into your cable concerns and see what i can do to help. please send a dm with your full name,
if you change your mind, please reach out.
we want your experience with us as perfect as you, boo! what's going on? let us know in dm so we can make it better.  
happy halloween jackqueline! wanna meet me in the dms? 
maybe nice a trip but we still have other t-mobile tuesday offers  
oh no! being phone less would ruin my weekend! can you pls send me a dm 
let's make sure you #getthanked frances! dm us so we can help you get your movies. 
can you follow this link 
as a fellow redhead  i appreciate this so much.
we're all about the treats, and less about the tricks.
that shouldn't be happening. please tell us more here: 
shout out to you for stopping by!
gotta love people paying it forward.
no tricks, only treats.
right? definitely the best.
yeah, girl! i dig that costume, and we appreciate you being such a great fan.
this is concerning to hear. please reach out to our team at the link:  
we'll be ready and waiting. send the pics, for sure!
i love it! solid costumes.
it's one per person in costume.
it's already at the next level.
straight   thanks for stopping by!
sure thing!
burritos, bowls, tacos, salads  any main menu item!
ha! that legit just made me laugh out loud. well played, my friends.
that's concerning  my apologies. please tell us more so we can help: 
thanks so much.
fair enough.
that shouldn't be happening. please provide more details so we can help: 
they call us southbest for a reason! see you onboard soon. 
thank you for the loyalty, nick. we look forward to welcoming you onboard again soon. 
sorry for any frustration, john. we hope to see you and your board onboard soon. 
we'll be sure to share that along to our team, ramana! feel free to add anything you'd like to see here: 
we had our team look into this and you should now be able to stream those episodes with jane, weller, and the team. try rebooting!
sorry for the delay! no known outages at that time--still running into this? if so, please try a quick device+modem reboot.
that shouldn't be! which device do you use? if you try a quick reboot of your device, is there any improvement after?
got it, this set up isn't currently supported: 
no issues to report on our end, currently. is this on xbox one? any improvement after working through 
we wanted to reach out and apologize for the issues the other night. we experienced an outage, but it has now been resolved.
if you do change your mind. and would like assistance, please dm us.
hello, i do apologize for the internet issues. could you please dm us an account number or telephone number? so we can assist you.
we are sorry about the problem you had with our services. kindly dm us your contact detail, pin code &amp; along with that share with us the exact address of the idea store with pin code to forward your concern to our appropriate team.
good evening, have you had a chance to reboot your battery back-up at this point? 
thank you, if commercials are not impacted it may be the broadcasters. is the sd broadcast also having similar issues? 
it may be a poor connection impacting the signal. reseating the connections may improve contact resolving the issue. 
this is odd as we have not gotten reports. with the issue impacting all your tvs do you know where your main coax splitter is located?  
we have sent you a direct message via twitter with further instructions.
hi there, glad to help! please make sure you are following us, so we can assist you better via a direct message.
please follow us via twitter and let us know so we can send you a dm with further instructions. thanks!
we have sent you a direct message via twitter with further instructions.
 here to assist! troubleshooting steps for the error code ce-34878-0 are available here: 
hello ryan! for assistance please follow us and send us a direct message, we look forward to your reply.
glad to hear that! welcome to the future of tv! if you ever have any questions, we are here to help!
here to help! we have sent you a direct message via twitter with further instructions.
hi samuel. we are glad to  help you. let us know the question that you have.
let us know if you need any help! 
hi, please can i take the post code for these stores so i can check this for you ?
let us know if you need any help! 
let us know if you need any help! 
let us know if you need any help! 
let us know if you need any help! 
let us know if you need any help! 
let us know if you need any help! 
let us know if you need any help! 
hi there! please reach out to me at this link for assistance. thank you.  
hi there! please reach out to me at this link for assistance. thank you.  
happy halloween chris! :) 
hello. just doing a follow-up on your case. are you still experiencing the issue?
great! we're glad that the issue was resolved. should you need further help, please let us know.
thank you for the info. since the driver is already up-to-date. we suggest performing a clean boot: 
hi. that's strange. let's make sure that all your driver was updated. here's how: 
hello. just doing a follow-up on your case. are you still experiencing the issue?
hi! let's investigate this. which version of windows are you using? what do you mean by built-in administrator?
hello, bill. let us know on how we can improve our support here: 
 store app or via microsoft store online?
hello, domenico. let us know on how we can improve our support here: 
allow us to help, damian. meet us through direct message and we'll take it from there. 
let's work on this, claire. are you getting an error message when resetting your password? send us a screenshot through dm.
thanks for the info. let's try to reset your password using this link: 
thank you for the update. we encourage you to be persistent and keep trying to recover your account using the recovery form.
we'd like to follow up on the status of your concern. feel free to reach us back if you need further assistance.
we have just responded to your dm, victoria. please let us know if you have any further questions.
hi there, we are here to help. can you please dm us your email address? we would be able to locate your account and assist you. thank you.
sorry for the trouble. we would like to inform you that aadhaar linking is mandatory by government regulatory.
sorry.for now there is no alternative to link your number with aadhart card.we request you to visit nearest my idea store to link
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
we don't oversell our flights, so their seats are guaranteed. please have them dm us their confirmation code. we'll take a look.
thanks! we'll see what we can do to help.
sorry to hear that, patrick. please have them reach out to   an airport crewmember for immediate assistance.
this is due to a tech delay on an earlier route combined with air traffic control delays.
hi sunil, this is india domestic flight, which is each passenger entitled for 15 kg check in baggage and 7 kh cabin baggage.
gender correction done :) see you on board soon!- anwar
you seem all set for your travel then, wish you an amazing flight :) thanks-sha
may we have the passengers name for gender correction teo? =) yana
hi apis, salutation correction done for this booking ff2z4l. please check your mailbox for the revised itinerary. thanks- mariya
hi there :) name correction done! see you on board soon- anwar
you are most welcome =)
what we can do for you =) yana
was your purchase more than what you have available on the card?
they're available 7 days a week 8:00 am to midnight (et). sorry for the inconvenience.
via this channel. please call our gift card servicing team at 877-297-4438 for assistance.
thanks for the information you provided. we'd like to assist, however we do not have access to the prepaid platform
hi there. what type of amex card is this concerning, once the charge posts you may be able to dispute it. 
hi there, how may i help?
we are glad you are excited about #reputation. yes, we do mean early friday morning check your local target.
they will be available in store, but we expect them to go very fast in stores once the album drops. check your store early sunday morning.
hey there, please dm us with the phone number associated with your account so we can look into this for you.
thank you for contacting paypal. please send us a dm with your paypal email address and we will be happy to help. 
i'm so sorry we've let you down. please reach us here: 
we do not want this to happen and are eager to help. reach out to us for more assistance here: 
oh no! have we missed the estimated delivery date showing in your order confirmation e-mail? we're here to help! 
i understand your concern, nihal. could you confirm if you've report this to our team using the link provided earlier? 
sorry about the delay with the order. please share your details here: 
details through the link provided above so that we can look into the issue.  
twitter is a social media platform we'll not be able to access any of your account/order details. please share your  
we're here to help with any issues you may be having. tell us what's going on to get started.
hi. we are here to help. what is the specific ios version that you have?
got it. let's continue to look further into this in dm: 
we'd like to look at service options with you. let's take a look at this in dm. 
you've come to the right place. may we ask when you started to notice the situation?
thank you for that info. is this happening with all the apps or only a select few? 
thank you for confirming that. let's discuss this further in dm. 
we're asking which version you're running as we released ios 11.1 today. it may help address the issues you've been experiencing.
we want to make sure your iphone works the way you expect it to. let's get paired up in dm to get started. 
we'd like to work with you. may we ask what type of ios device you have? let us know to get started.
we want your predictions to be accurate. please dm us with the current version of ios you have. 
we want to take a look into this with you. dm us your current ios version, and well start there. 
we can help! what keyboards do you have added? is this issue only occurring in messages, or in other applications as well?
we'd like to take a closer look. send us a dm and we can start there. 
here to help. send us a note at 
we can definitely take a closer look! contact us here; 
happy to help! please reach out to 
find out more info about how are ratings determined here: 
your rating is a average of recent trips. try not to worry, your rating will go up with future positive rides!
can you advise the sets you were looking for? also the store, date and time of your visit? ty 
i'm really sorry you weren't able to purchase these sets during our recent 3 for 2 toy sale. best wishes. mike 
hi kelvin, unfortunately our promotions are subject to availability and lego tends to be incredibly popular during these promotions 
as my previous colleague advised this is subject to availability and im really sorry for any disappointment caused. ty 
hello kelvin, i am really sorry it looks like we have only been able to locate more stock of this item after the promotion has ended. 
sorry again that it wasn't in time for the 3 for 2 toy sale. 
hi kevin. by 'locate' my colleague just meant that our buyers were able to purchase more stock of these products. 
i'm sorry to hear there was no availability of the lego sets you wanted kevin. i would like to look into this further for you. 
i require your full name, address and email. i can get them refunded for you. ty 
hi jill,i am sorry your peaches are mouldy and i appreciate it must be very annoying for you. can you please dm some info? 
oh no. sorry to hear that. please dm your baggage file reference number so that we can look into this. 
cheers to another wonderful year for you! happy birthday, christopher! enjoy the upgrade!  
thanks for the shout-out!. we appreciate you!   
hello, nicole. glad we exceeded your expectations today. 
we sincerely apologize for your disappointment. we always strive to create a positive customer experience.  
seat assignments are subject to change. however, we do our best to honor seat requests. 
cheers to you john, for being a loyal delta customer!  
2: you might be interested in premium for family. more info at 
no worries! you know where to find us if there's anything else you need help with. 
1: hey there! we don't have any info on this right now, but we'll let the right team know it's something you'd like to see. /kc
hey! the cavalry's here. can you try the steps at 
hey maria! we have more info about this here: 
hi there! can you dm us your account's email address or username? we'll take a look backstage /nq 
fingers crossed that an update would be available soon. for the meantime, let us know if you have other questions /ju
as we look to improve the overall spotify experience, we are removing the app from roku. there's more info here: 
resurrect your playlists  
and the phone number associated with your account so i can look into your concerns. thanks!
hi, i'd like to check on the status of your cable services. please send a dm with your full name, address,
let's check out your options to see if we can lower your bill. please dm your address and phone number to get started.
hi viviana, we have escalated this with our refunds team today for you. they'll be in touch asap. 
hi lara, we can't see the option to follow you, have you ever provided details for the funds you're waiting for? 
we're sorry you remain unhappy, lara, but, as previously advised, we're not able to respond further to this matter. 
we completely appreciate this, viviana, and we're sorry this still hasn't been resolved for you. we've escalated this through the 
appropriate channels, but we're unable to speed up this process any further unfortunately. we hope the funds are back with you asap.  
 hmm, let's take a look at what's going on. send us a dm. 
this is right up my alley, shoot me a quick dm and i will jump on this right away! 
we are all about making sure you get taken care of so meet me in dm!  
happy to help if you need us, mike! just shoot us a dm and we'll assist with whatever you need 
we'd love to make sure you are on the best possible plan for your needs! please dm me here: 
i understand! the good news is we are always here for you! 
hey scott, what's going on? we definitely want to assist in anyway we can! 
let's take a closer look at your options, sajaawad. send us a dm! 
if you click on my picture you should be able to send us a direct message! :) 
i would love to look into your options and get this taken care of :).  dm me: 
sorry to hear about the trouble. allow us to assist. please follow us and dm your ticket number so we may investigate. 
if we can take a look, then please dm your record locator and details.
we're sorry that this has been your experience, is there some way we can help?
please dm your record locator. we'll take a closer look for you.
we'd like to forward this along, mindy. please dm your record locator.
please dm your record locator. we'd like to forward this to the correct team.
we'll make sure to let our team know about this. our friends can also take a look.
we're very sorry. we've forwarded it to our team that handles wi-fi.
the experience of our most loyal customers is paramount. we're installing a new type of much faster wi-fi on much of our fleet.
we're sorry if you had a bad experience with our team, kay. please let us know if we ca help in some way,
way to pull it together!
right? the best part of standing in line is people watching.
we'll always be here for you.
i understand and i'm sorry that we currently don't have any other details to provide to you. 
i apologize for any frustration caused! we are working to deliver packages as quickly as possible. please use the link to dm your tracking number and delivery address if you have any questions.  
this is incredibly concerning. please write to us asap so we can investigate: 
it's legit the best day of the year.
that doesn't sound good. please tell us more here: 
we'll loop in the right people to dig into what's going awry.
just come in your pjs  that's basically a costume!
ick  that doesn't sound right. please tell us more so we can dig into what went awry: 
nicely done!
i love this! you all look great. can't wait to see you soon.
that doesn't sound good. please tell us more so we can help: 
that's correct.
spooky! well played, my friend.
hello @118422, kindly assist with the stated complaint. thank you.
hello @118422, thank you or this tweet. 
hello @118426, please be informed that sim swap is free. however, you will be requested to pay for the sim card. kindly provide a mobile number we can reach you on for verbal communication. thank you. 
hello @118426, please be informed that you will be contacted shortly. thank you. 
well we can't pay you, but we sure do appreciate your loyalty.
hello, prior to being automatically logged off, a pop-up window will appear and ask if you want to stay logged on or log off. also, you can visit this link 
we're saddened to learn you're upset with us, haley. please dm us your confirmation number so we can follow up with you. 
we plan to start ticket sales in 2018, but we're not sure of the specifics quite yet. stay tuned, jeff! 
lucky for y'all, drinks are an industry low $5 everyday. cheers, ladies! 
don't worry. we took care of them on their fictional ride home. 
sorry! we'll share your feedback about the background colors. you can add favorites to my stuff: 
we can let our team know you'd like to see it minimized. due to the nature of streaming, there is a slight delay from cable.
typically, the delay is less than that. does this improve after working through: 
your speeds look great, so let us know the device in use. for now, try rebooting your device &amp; modem/router for 1-2 mins.
we definitely understand. if you're open to it, please try rebooting after the game. for now, we'll share your feedback.
since dvr content is recorded from the live feed, there will be ads present (
gotcha! we'd like to gather a few additional details regarding this. when you have a chance, reach out: 
) the ads will be removed. we hope this helps explain and look forward to your call/chat.
) sounds good, den! with the no commercials add-on, once a show is added to our on-demand library (for dwts, the day after air)
the best way to check (if you didn't receive an e-mail notice) would be to contact us by phone/chat: 
sorry to hear about trouble, bob! no issues to report on our end but we're here to help. what device? try: 
we don't want you to have problems. shoot us a dm telling us issue?
hi there! what makes you feel this way?
that's not the way we want you to feel. we keep working hard to restore the service completely in the island.
we do anything possible to resolve it. sprint customers can activate the roaming feature, sprint will cover the charges.
hi there! we'd like to look into this issue for you. please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
hello, if you are having any issues with on demand, please send me a dm and i will be glad to assist you.
no problem. if you do need anything or have any questions please reach out to us.
my apologies for any frustration. is there anything i may be able to help with?  .
please let us know if any assistance is needed.  .
i apologize for the inconvenience. i will be glad to assist you. can you dm me your name and acct # or phone #?
i will be glad to take a look at this for you. if you change your mind we are here 
please let us know if you reconsider and would like us to look into the matter for you as we'd be happy to help.  .
i certainly apologize for any inconvenience alison. has anyone been able to look into this matter for you, or did... 
i do apologize for the inconvenience and i will be happy to help. can you dm me your account number?
i do apologize for the inconvenience and i will be happy to help. can you dm me your account number?
i can always search by phone number
here we are! we'd love to have you in the fios family. please check here for availability: 
we want you to be able to enjoy your programming. what issue are you having and does it happen on all tvs? 
if you press the * key this can disable the closed captions. you may have to press 2x.
that's what we love to hear allison. 
good evening, what can we do for you today? 
hello matt! for refund info, please check the following link: 
hi! there is no information to share at the moment, stay tuned to our blog for updates here:
sorry to hear that, please try activating the system as primary under both accounts, more details: 
hi there, you can activate the system under this 2 accounts and set it  as the primary device under each account.
please restore licenses and try again. steps here: 
where are you located? which country did you select to setup your account? please provide us more details.
we have sent you a direct message via twitter with further instructions.
you are welcome! feel free to contact us for assistance in the future.
sorry to read that you are experiencing issues changing the password. please check your dms for assistance.
hello jack! please block the user by following the steps in this link: 
 have submitted your feedback, and let us know if you need more help. 
 we generally send alerts for any security updates, and we apologize if you weren't advised on the new password guidelines. we
hi, you may request another coupon. please click on the following link 
 on the following link 
 if you open a chase premiere plus checking account, you may get $300 after meeting the requirements. please click
you will need to reach out to the branch to see if they can honor your coupon. 
a coupon can't be replaced if lost or expired. it is at the branch's discretion if they can honor the coupon. 
hello, can you dm us with the account name and service address. we would like to help with this issue.
hi meaghan, i apologize for any inconvenience. please dm ur your street address so i can look into your service issue.
hi glen, i can check what's happening in your area. please dm us your full name and street address.
hello, this does not sound good.  can you dm the account name and complete service address? we would like to help.
 we are working as fast as possible to restore service in your area. we appreciate your continued patience.
hello, this does not sound good.  can you dm the account name and complete service address? we would like to help.
lisa, cox does not service nh. if that changes in the future you will receive a mailer. thank you for your interest.
hey there, it all looks good on our end. are you still experiencing this issue? let us know. thanks!
...that aspect out, and then contact the isp/phone provider for more assistance on this matter. 
hi again, it sounds like your isp or cellular connection isnt working as it should. wed recommend first switching browsers to rule... 
correct, some of the voice commands have been removed or switched to cortana commans. 
if that is something you would like to see change, you can let your voice be heard here: 
hi there! can you test if this still works with the cortana commands?  
hello, thanks for reaching out to us. can you dm us your gamertag and a description of what you're seeing? 
as checked your ref no c1-101229744141 is in progress &amp; the expected date is /2017 rgds,
we are working on this to get it resolved at the earliest. please bear with us for some time. rgds, amit
to improve the coverage for your provided location.()
we have already done the best possible optimization from the serving site to improve the coverage. rgds,pradnya 
we wish to affirm that your concern has been discussed. rgds,pradnya
your concern has been initiated by us under ref. no.c1-101533536136 &amp; you shall hear on 07/nov/2017. rgds, richard.
apologies for the trouble. we have done the best possible optimization from the serving site ()
the process is currently take up to 4 weeks for vx flights to credit on your as mileage plan.
can't wait to see you at the race! #irunalaska
what a stunning photo! thanks for choosing to fly with us.
can't wait to see you at the race! #irunalaska
what a great photo. thanks for choosing to fly with us.
oh no, so sorry! shoot us a dm so we can help!
we'd be happy to help! please dm us the email address for your account.
in this case, we'd recommend filing a free billing support case here: 
great question! we are looking into this and will have a response soon. 
you may follow up these two cases 00158962 and 00253189. please note that this process may take up to 30 working days.
hi dwi, as we check there is multiple cases under same booking. and your cases are in progress. &gt;&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;at bag drop counter put a bag tag to your check-in bags to avoid such issue again. thanks for your patience.
as the team will not accept baggage that is not properly tagged. thank you and have a great day
hi nadia, may we have the booking number to check?
there should be a bag tag when you check it in, you can either print out during web check-in or ensure that the staff &gt;&gt;
hi there, we has respond you by dm,see you there!
&gt;&gt;to the relevant team for investigation. do submit an official feedback too via our eform for further assistance. thanks.-floi
oh no! sincerest apologies for that, the crew will definitely have the meal investigated and we'll also forward the feedback &gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;to applicable fees. thanks.
hi there, we has respond you via dm , see you there!- anwar
may we know did you mean you want to depart at 22nd nov?  thanks-emir
dear ian, there are no charges since the booking has been rescheduled. please provide us your preferred time and date . refer&gt;
&gt;&gt;if you'd like to make a flight change, you may do that online via manage my booking up to 48 hours before departure subject&gt;&gt;
sorry for the confusion, ian. the retime was actually just 15 mins and the connection of the flights are still possible. &gt;&gt;
hi there, we have replied via dm. kindly check your inbox. thanks-sha
pls escalate your concern through the customer service number on the back of your card. 
hi brian. for immediate assistance, pls contact us at the customer service number on the back of your card. thank you. 
hello. can you provide your full name, zip code, and additional details so we can see how we can help?  
awesome! easiest time helping a customer ever.
unless...that was sarcasm...
i apologize for the lack of internet. if you'd like to dm with your account number, i can take a look for you.
i apologize for the poor experience you've had with us. if there is anything that i can help you with, please dm me.
i did? i mean, yes, of course i did! i'm glad it's back for you. enjoy the 'flix!
hello, i would be more than happy to assist you. please send me a dm.
we're sorry your pizza arrived this way! please dm us your contact info and store address. thanks!
hi, terrion! this would be a question for your local store. thanks for your time!
we're so sorry to hear this! please dm us your contact info and store address. thanks!
we're terribly sorry your order arrived this way! please dm us your contact info and store address. thanks!
please dm us your tracking and contact number via the link so we can look into this for you.  
hi there. can you please send us a dm with your phone number? 
can you dm us the phone number associated with your account so we can look into it? 
please dm us with the phone number associated with your account so we can look into this for you. 
hey jade, can you please send us the phone number associated with your account so we can look into this for you?
i'm so sorry about that, alexis. when you can, please reach us here so we can better assist: 
i'm sorry about the link. for a faster response, contact us by phone here: 
yes. our main customer service line is open 24 hours a day. 
we'd like to help in real-time! when you have a free moment, please reach out to us here: 
from the kindle app, go to more, tap on settings, tap on push notifications to enable or disable the notifications. 
fire tv stick
that does seem excessive. help us improve by leaving order specific packaging feedback here: 
from our sellers. you may also visit this link: 
the prices on our website are determined by our sellers. and we keep updating our prices as per the data we receive  
if you had replied to the email, you must've received a correspondence from us, darshan. please check. 
if you've already replied to the email sent by our team. i'm sure our team will reach out to you soon with an update. 
we're currently working on your issue, we'll contact you soon. keep an eye on your mailbox. 
apologies, thank you for replying to the email. we'll get back on this soon. appreciate your patience. 
i do understand, however, please revert to the same email so that we can get this sorted. 
sorry for the trouble you've had. kindly reply to the email you've received from our team &amp; we'll look into this further.
sorry for the stretch. please reply to the email you've received from our social media team and we'll get back. 
email id. kindly check it here: 
you with an update at the earliest. ()
thanks for writing back to us. our specialist team will contact you with an update on your issue soon. please wait. 
as requested, please respond on the requested email and our specialist team will reach out to you. 
we've sent a correspondence to your registered email address, request you to check the same. 
we're working on your concern. we'll reach out to you soon and update. 
we value your feedback. feel free to leave it here: 
let us help you get this sorted out. can you tell us which ios version you are currently using please?
send us a dm and we can check on more options for you. 
we're here for you. there isn't a way to avoid imessage activation with a number, but you can turn it off: 
we'd love to help! which version of ios are you using? which keyboards do you have installed?
please dm us with the ios version showing in settings &gt; general &gt; about. we're eager to look into what's going on. 
we'd like to see what we can do to assist. what ios version are you running?
we released ios 11.1 today. let's update to see if that helps. here's how: 
let's look into this for you. send us a dm with your ios version to get started. 
let's look into this for you. send us a dm with your current ios version to get started. 
may we take a look?  feel free to dm us what ios version you're on and we'll go from there: 
thanks for contacting. we understand wanting your device to work correctly. could you please tell us which ios version you're on?
let's meet up in dm to continue. 
your security is our absolute priority. visit this link for info on pop up adds in safari: 
hi. we are here to help. what version of ios do you have?
we'd be happy to assist. to begin, are you completely updated to ios 11.1? dm us to let us know. 
we're here for you. for unrecognized charges, use: 
can you confirm what ios version you are running?
we'd love to help! which version of ios are you currently updated to? what keyboards do you have installed?
thank you! is this issue only occurring in messages or in other applications as well? send us a dm to let us know. 
we're here to help. what ios version are you on?
got it. let us know in dm what the issue is that you're having? we'd be happy to help you out. 
happy to help! please send us a dm of the email address connected to your account and more details so we can further assist.
hello, tae! thanks for your patience. please check your dm for our reply.
here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can assist.
we're here to help! please write in at 
here to help! contact us here; 
we take this very seriously. please contact us via 
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can connect.
here to help. send us a note at 
that's ok rachel, i will still be happy to issue a refund for you if you could provide the rest of the information? ty
lastly, are you happy for me to pass your details on to our supplier in case they wish to contact you?
hi kaz, i have replied to your dm. ty
that is 100% not right kaz, if you dm me the full name, address &amp; email address on the account i will have it refunded for you :) ty
thank you, we're here when you need us, just tweet us.  
hey michael, help's here! can you dm us your account's email address? we'll take a look backstage /kc 
i see that you've recently posted about your comcast remote, dm your account # so i can look into this &amp; speak privately. ~db
glad to hear you were able to resolve this issue. enjoy your services. ~db
i see that you've recently posted about your comcast services, dm your account # so i can look into this &amp; speak privately. ~db
i see that you've recently posted about your comcast services, dm your account # so i can look into this &amp; speak privately. ~db
please delete your last post so your information isn't public. let's speak privately via dm. ~db
i see that you've recently posted to comcast, how can i help? ~db
with your full name, address, and account number so i can assist further with your concerns.
hi, i understand your frustration and i'd like to look into the cable issues you've been experiencing. please send a dm
...postal address? we'll be happy to then take a look at what has happened. thanks.  
very nice, richard. please have one for us! we hope you had a great birthday! 
...airport. we're sorry for any inconvenience this may cause.  
hi teresa. if you continue to experience issues, we can only recommend that you check in at the...
we don't have any siena... sorry!
it's not part our plans right now but never say never!
let's find out why it's still happening! send me a dm so we can get this fixed. 
hey there! i'd love to look into this! hit me up in dm! 
hey! i'm so x-cited about the iphone x. meet me in the dm so we can get on that! :) 
hi bruce! we can help you out here. dm us! 
hey sara! thanks for reaching out, send us a dm and we'll assist you here :) 
you can always ask for more of any ingredient.
we put a spell on you, and now you're all ours.
we should give that to you for free. please tell us more so we can help: 
we love you right back.
see you soon!
we're doing $3 meals if you're in costume. no tricks needed  only treats.
boorito is the best part of halloween  see you soon.
sadly, not much control over that one.
true story. amazing costume!
we're here for you.
hopefully we'll get there at some point down the line.
ugh. what a buzzkill  i'm so sorry.
that shouldn't be happening. which location are you at? i'd like to follow up.
thanks so much, and i'll dig into this with our field leaders right now.
what time service did you catch? 
if one of our trains is delayed you are entitled to delay repay on the ticket purchased if you reach your end destination more than 30 minutes late as a result
ahh yes i can see the service arrived into birmingham new street 8 late for this.
hello andrew sorry to hear this what journey are you making?
that's concerning to read. please provide more details so we can investigate: 
ugh. that's heartbreaking. please tell us more so we can help: 
that's very concerning. please tell us more so we can investigate: 
thank you. someone should be in contact with you no later than tomorrow morning.
we don't accept online orders during our annual boorito promo, and my apologies for any frustration.
bummer. which location?
that's strange. both redlands locations have online ordering turned on. maybe try logging off and logging back in?
that's not good! are short codes allowed with your mobile plan?
any vacancies will be advertised on our careers page at 
we're so sorry to hear this. did you file a baggage report with our agents at the airport? 
we truly regret the frustration. our agents are working hard to reunite you with your belongings, and will contact you with any updates. 
oh no! we're so sorry to hear that. happy to know you've been reunite with your luggage though. 
oh no! we've always got your back, chelsey. we hope you feel better soon! 
like all good ghosts, we love free boos! bottoms up and see you again soon! 
we're here to help, al! are you attempting to access it using one of these: 
we'd love to see how we can help. which tab are you referring to? which device is in use? mind sharing a screenshot with us?
sorry! ads may repeat, especially when watching the same show. tailor your preferences: 
we can pass that along! if you swipe up, you should be able to access the fliptray which is similar: 
no problem! we'll also share the interest in seeing a "jump to live" feature re-added with our dev team!
hey there. which device are you on? if apple tv, try pausing and then swiping right to quickly ff to the live point
we do our best to offer it live where possible. is it listed when you visit: 
we can definitely put in a request for you, karina. please let us know your city and state when you have the time.
our licensing agreements with some of your local affiliates only allow us to offer nbc on-demand, but we'll share your request!
we got you, chandler! the 2-part finale is under clips on the classic hulu app and extras in the new app. enjoy!
sadly, live tv isn't supported on that generation of apple tv. you should be able to access it through: 
happy to help, james! we can let our team know you'd love to see it on the earlier generations of the device in the future.
now is the right time to switch to sprint learn more at 
hey laura! don't worry, we're here for you. how long have you had this issue?
okay no worries! can you send us a dm so that we can further address this issue?
please refer to 
we would recommend keeping everything private. and we would need the full address including zip code.
hello, i do apologize for the internet issues. could you please dm us an account number or telephone number? so we can assist you.
we have replied to your dm. have a nice day. 
we are sorry to hear this is happening. in order for us to help get this resolved, please send us a dm with your ... 
thank you for contacting paypal. please send us a dm with your paypal email address and we will be happy to help. 
not that we are aware of at this time. is the internet light currently lit on your router? if so, what color is it?
glad to hear it!
oh no, do you get an error and does it happen on all tvs? 
sorry to hear about the trouble as we do not throttle. is this happening on both wired and wireless connections?  
could you run a speed test from a wired connection at 
what speeds are you getting wired and wireless?
are these close to the speeds in your package?
what site are you accessing that you see buffering with? have you had a chance to run tracerts to verify the issue? 
yes, please post so we can review the results. 
good evening, of course we care. what's going on and how can we assist? 
thanks for the tweet! we'll refer this to our wireless colleagues since we handle fios and dsl accounts. 
: hi! go to settings&gt;parental controls/family management.&gt;family management.&gt; select the user&gt; delete user profile.
we are happy to help! what devices do you use for playstation vue and are they all being affected?
thanks for that info! please follow us on twitter and send us a dm so we can assist you further! 
let the expert look into &amp; respond shortly. 
hi antonio, could you please let us where are you trying to import from? are you able to see those imported images after relaunching lr. 
hi. let's take a look at this. which windows version are you using? have you made any changes prior to the issue?
thanks for the info. could you please send us a dm so we could go in detail with our troubleshooting? 
we'd love to hear from you. share us your thoughts about our support here: 
hello there! let's sort this out. can you send us a screenshot of the exact error message that you received?
to better assist you, send us a direct message. for security purposes, kindly delete your tweet that contains your email address.
  click "ask a question" on the upper right corner. thank you.
hi, yuyut. on what account or device are you trying to sign in?
got it. to resolve issues with the error code 0x803fb005, follow wphoneuser88's advice on this thread: 
hi, yudhi. let's sort this out. are you using wi-fi? can you check your phone's date and time? have you tried any troubleshooting?
hello, alice. just doing a follow-up on your case. are you still experiencing the issue?
no worries, alice. our technical team will further assist you with this. you can reach them on this link: 
hi, alice! let's work on this together. can you send us a screenshot or video, so we can easily figure it out?
hi huw, yes we do, if you speak with a member of our contact centre team they'll be able to assist you with this. 
earlier for us to assist you at the earliest.  ()
greetings, as you had reached out to us regarding issues with your dell product. please share the details requested ()
hi there, we have assisted you via dm. kindly check your inbox. thanks-sha
good day to you, mint. how may we assist you? thanks-sha
glad you are getting excited! be sure and give us a sneak peek behind the curtain at the #attbizsummit.
our apologies, as we do not control blackouts.  
a truly wonderful young woman, indeed. enjoy the book.
 lovely ladies! although, to be honest, none of you look a day older than 20!
 too cute!! but can't quite tell if that's a nintendo kirby or a chew toy? either way, looks cuddly!
thx.pls visit: 
hi jennifer, thx for tweeting us. are you looking for a specific amex sponsored event? 
i noticed your mention. have you called 1-800-869-3557 to speak with a banker? let us know if you want us to review (no acct #). 
let's talk. dm us. 
let's talk. dm us. 
let's remake that. dm us.
let's talk. dm us. 
let's talk. dm us. 
this is serious. dm us.
let's make up. dm us. 
oh no. where did this happen?
thank you. we're on it.
that's too long. where did this happen?
thank you. we're on it.
let's make up. dm us. 
we need to make up. dm us. 
this isn't okay. dm us. 
let's talk. dm us.
we can help. dm us.
we do deliver. check if we deliver to your area here: 
oh no. where did this happen?
oh no. where did you get this?
we can do better. dm us.
oh no. where did this happen?
we can do better. dm us.
that's too long. where did this happen?
let's talk. dm us.
where is this happening?
we need to make up. dm us.
oh no. where did you get this?
thanks for letting us know. we're on it.
oh no. where did you get this?
that's not okay. let's make up. dm us.
oh no. where did you get this?
thanks. we're on it, emma.
we want to talk. dm us.
let's make up. dm us.
we do, christopher. let's talk. dm us.
we need to make up. dm us.
that's not cool. where did you get this?
let's talk. dm us.
that's not cool. where did this happen?
thanks for letting us know. we're on it.
we can do better. dm us.
let's talk. dm us.
that's too long. where did this happen?
this isn't okay. where did you get this?
thanks for letting us know. we're on it.
we can help. dm us. 
we want to talk. dm us.
that's not okay. where did you get this?
this isn't okay. where did you get this?
hang tight, daniel. it should come soon.
that's not cool. where did you get this?
thanks, josh. we're on it.
oh no. where did this happen?
let's talk. dm us.
that's not okay. dm us.
that's not cool. where did this happen?
thank you for letting us know. we're on it.
we can do better. dm us.
let's make up. dm us. 
we can help. dm us.
awesome. thanks for the update.
prizes will ship to verified winners the week of -. winners will receive a tracking number via email when it's on the way.
oh no. where did this happen?
thanks. we're on it.
let's make up. dm us. 
let's talk. dm us. 
let's make up. dm us. 
we can do better. dm us. 
this isn't okay. where did you get this?
thanks. we're on it.
let's talk. dm us. 
thanks for letting us know. we're on it.
thanks for letting us know. we're on it.
we want to talk. dm us.
oh no. where did you get this?
let's talk. dm us. 
this isn't okay. dm us. 
we hear you. where did you get this?
thanks, elizabeth.
this isn't okay. dm us. 
let's talk. dm us. 
that's too long. dm us. 
that's not cool. where did this happen?
we hear you. thanks for letting us know.
let's talk. dm us. 
this shouldn't happen. where did you get this? 
oh no. where did you get this?
thanks. we're on it.
we can do better. dm us. 
we need to make up. dm us. 
hi, thank for the kudos! we're glad jennifer was able to help you out. 
hi, you can dm us your issue without us following you. 
if you've replied to the email sent by us, we'll check and get back to you with an update shortly. 
sorry to know about the delivery issue. as you've confirmed sharing your details, you should've received an email from ()
our team. please check and reply, we'll get back. you may check the email here: 
please reply to the email received from our team. we will check and connect with you accordingly. 
sorry about the order cancellation. please reply to the email you've received from our social media team and we'll get back. 
sorry for the trouble, manak. please resubmit the details here: 
thanks for submitting the details. we've received your details and we'll reach out to you soon. 
that's unusual. could you please revert to the email with further queries on this? i'll like to have a look into it. 
we're unable to arrange a callback for you over twitter. please make a request by responding to the email and we'll oblige. 
thanks for replying. we'll get in touch with you soon. appreciate your understanding. 
could you please confirm if you have replied to our email? 
please don't provide your order details, we consider it personal information. our twitter page is visible to public. () 
i'm sorry about the trouble manak. kindly reply to the email sent by our team for further assistance. 
you've received from our team and we will get back to you with the latest update on your issue. ()
sorry about the bad experience, manak. i'll be sure to pass along your feedback internally. 
we're following up on this. we'll check this and update you. 
we've sent the correspondence to your registered email id. kindly check it here: 
sorry for the inconvenience. please share your details here: 
are you currently waiting on the delivery of a delayed order? 
i'm very sorry about this experience, robert. we'd like to help!  could you tell us more details about what's going on? 
parece um livro interessante demais. espero que curta muito da leitura dele! :d abrao. 
que notcia boa, luiz! fiquei curioso... o que contm esse pacote?   
i'm very sorry to hear that, j! have you had trouble with a recent order/delivery? 
we'd like to take a closer look. when you can, please provide us some more information here: 
i'm sorry you've had to invest so much time in this! were we able to help resolve the issue on the last call? 
was any information provided to you in the phone conversation? who was the carrier as listed here:  
hi, reece! i'm sorry about the broken item. you can check into options here: 
we've received your dm and will be responding there shortly. thank you.
we offer support via twitter in english. contact us for help in your preferred language here: 
we understand how tough that is. please send us a dm to let us know if you have a recent backup in icloud, or itunes. 
excellent! please look for our response to your dm shortly.
thanks for reaching out! please dm your information so we can help with a solution. 
we're here to help. how are you updating? let us know via dm. 
we're glad you're excited about the emojis! let us help with imessage. what's going on?
got it. which device are you experiencing this on? let us know in dm, and we'll go from there. 
we can look into this issue together. send us a dm and let's begin. 
we offer support via twitter in english. get help in spanish here: 
that's great news! if you need anything else, please feel free to reach back out to us.
we want to help. dm us details on the ios version you have and which itunes version. we'll work with you there. 
let's take a look together!  to start, please dm us which device and os version we're working with: 
let's team up in dm and determine how we can clear up this space. you can reach us at the link below. 
let's take a look at this together!  to begin, feel free to dm us what ios version you're currently on. 
a member of our team will be in touch via in app support soon.
here to help! check out 
here to help! send us a note at 
we're here to help. can you please send us a dm with your email address so we can connect?
can you please let me know the time and address of where this happened? i can ensure it is addressed. ty 
please could you provide us with the details my colleague previously requested for? this will help with the investigations. 
hi there, thank you again for bringing this to our attention, i've located the store where this van was distributed from. 
to assist us, please complete our lost item report here: 
oh my, julie. that is not good to hear. we will make every effort to locate the your kindle asap.  
have a great week.  
have a wonderful week.  
you're welcome :) 
from here it should have you fill in your address and prompt you to set up security questions and a password.  
hi bruno, you can put this number online at 
i see that you've recently posted about your comcast services, dm your account # so i can look into this &amp; speak privately. ~db
hello, will you please dm me your account number so i can look into this for you?
and account number so i can assist further with the issues you've been experiencing. thanks!
hi, i'll be happy to check on the status of your services. please send a dm with your full name, address,
that is truly magical, mandy! maybe we should rename ourselves quidditch airways? 
we're all individual reps here on t-force ready to get a dm from you so we can work together on things! 
that's definitely a long time- we want #resolution! send a dm my way: 
thank you so much for reaching out can you send us a dm so we can check things out. 
let us change thatm. dm us, let's see what's going on there. 
hey there, send us a pm and we'd be happy to further assist you in any way :) 
please dm your record locator. we'd like to share this feedback with the flight service leadership team.
we understand that's important to update info quickly and we appreciate your feedback on this.
gate information is shared on the website. just input your flight number here: 
our offer to help via dm still stands. please have her reach us there.
we know we'll see her in the skies some day soon!
she looks like a future pilot to us! we can't wait to have her in the captain's chair.
it is indeed and we're so proud! by the way, our team in ord loves you too, matt. #aafamily
she's a beauty! that's a major throwback.
please let us know if we can help in some way.
thanks for your kind words for cynthia and diane! we'll be sure to forward these along to their #aateam.
let's get you up to speed! are you getting the speed issue on wired or wireless connections? 
thank you and sorry to hear about the trouble. with no other active devices post your wired results from 
those wireless speeds look good. what do you get wired with no other active devices? 
thank you. do the wired speeds ever go below 65 mbps? 
i'm so sorry about that. please tell us more so we can help: 
we appreciate you stopping by.
we've got you, fam.
win/win/win
that's frustrating  my apologies. please tell us more here: 
thanks for stopping by!
no plans yet, but you never know what could happen down the line.
i did follow up with our team, and hopefully your next visit is stellar. have you visited again?
i'll follow up with our team.
i'm sorry about that. where did you visit?
my apologies you aren't a fan, and we're still working to perfect our recipe.
were you in a costume, as well?
it's one meal per person in costume. my apologies for any frustration.
we should have them available  just ask a cashier.
there should be a sign up either at the register or the drink station.
i mean, we'll still take it.
lookin' good! thanks for stopping by.
that''s troubling. please provide more details here: 
this is concerning. please reach out to our team at the link:  
it's just turned off for tonight during our boorito promo. it'll be back on tomorrow. my apologies for any frustration.
we shouldn't charge you for that. please tell us more here: 
you're welcome, friend.
why be anything else when you can be a unicorn? glad y'all could sit back and relax. see you again soon! 
yes; please have her forward the email to __email__, then delete it. 
hi, crystal! if you're looking to be a new rapid reward cardholder, you can apply here: 
awesome! happy spending! 
best day of the year, especially because you're onboard! have a wonderful flight! 
the avengers assembled for the best hallown yet! we appreciate everything you do for us! 
oh no! if powering off your device and modem/router doesn't help, please contact us via phone or chat: 
hey there! we're just circling back to make sure you're all set. if you need anything further, we're always just a tweet away! 
sorry for the delay! we're glad to hear you were able to get in touch and resolve this, ric.  thanks for the kind words.
hi, alyssa! we can't make any promises, but we'll absolutely express your interest in seeing the movie added to hulu.
sorry to disappoint! we don't have the rights to stream last man standing, but you bet we'll share your interest.
no issues to report on our end but we're here to help out. have you tried: 
that definitely looks frustrating. if you'd like us to take another look, please contact us here: 
sorry for the delay! if you have further questions about your account, please contact us here: 
we had a few issues earlier this week but nothing to report currently. what device is it? try out these: 
hi there! are you having issues? please let us know, in order for us to further assist you.
thank you for reaching out to us. we would like to take a look into this. please send us a direct message.
hey keith, this seems very concerning. what issues are you experiencing? please dm us so we can further assist you!
thank you for taking my call. i do hope that the transfer to the other department was successful.
hi there, we hope to have all our customers feeling appreciated. it is disappointing to received contrary feedback.
hello, ben. i will be more than happy to assist you with your internet. please send me a dm and we can assist you.
if you would like to discuss the fees you are referring to, please reach out to us with your account information.
hello, if you have questions about your account or your bill, i will be happy to assist. please send me a dm with... 
hey there. can you dm us the phone number associated with your account? 
hi there! we can help with that. please dm us the phone number associated with your lyft account. 
no problem! we heart you too! &lt;3
awesome!  enjoy. 
nein,  ist schnippig. alexa ist lieb und nett. sie ist sehr gut! und ich geh jetzt mal lieber in deckung!  
... das wre toll! soweit ist sie aber noch nicht. wird eher in die richtung "hey, deine wsche ist fertig! zack zack, aufhngen!" gehen. 
sorry to hear that! disconnect your router and console from the power source for 3 minutes, reconnect them and try again.
great! keep us posted.
hi. we are unable to access external links. provide us with more details of this issue in order to assist you better.
glad to help! please check your dm's for further instructions.
hey, i'll be sure to pass your lovely comments on to the maldon store :) thanks
hi there, that's great well done!! :) please let me know which store this was and i'll pass on your feedback :)
id like to take a closer look at this for you. could you please dm your name &amp; zip code?  
please feel free to use the link provided to dm us.  
hello, this does not sound good.  can you dm the account name and complete service address? we would like to help.
hello, this does not sound good.  can you dm the account name and complete service address? we would like to help.
  we can look into this for you. please provide details about your issue with your full address.
 please let us know if you need assistance.
thats not what we like to hear, and wed love to help you! dm us the details on what happened?  
can i ask you to uninstall and reinstall the app and let us know if that corrects it? thanks 
the app should generally match the language on your device o/s settings. please let us know if that isn't lining up.  
greetings! let's have you try resetting your router/modem and power cycling: 
we're happy to help, but we're an english support channel. if you'd like to continue support in english let us know.
would you mind sending a picture of your network stats: settings&gt;network&gt;network settings&gt;detailed network statistics 
thanks for that! let's have you try resetting your router/modem and power cycling: 
i am sorry to hear you are still experiencing trouble. how had you contacted support please on that? if you can provide me with some additional detail via dm we can look into that. 
inbox your number we check. 
i'm sorry to hear of your experience! i would be happy to look into what is going on and how we can help you with your package. please use the link to dm the details of your concern and any related tracking numbers.  
this might help! 
saw ur tweet. pls dm us the details of your issue. we want to help (no acc#'s/pins).
sincerely, 
hi michael.for immediate assistance,pls call our digital assist team at: 800-297-1234, .thank you. 
for immediate assistance,pls contact bluebird customer service at: 877-486-5990,. thank you.
pls give our online experts a shout -&gt; 1-800-769-2555 so we can take a look at what's happening for you 
you got it, ahmad! check out 
hi there! direct message us with your order number and we can help you out!
thanks for your patience. the permission was required for crash reporting purposes. this will be removed in the next app update.
 we're not sure what you mean jack. please dm us screenshots of what you're seeing. 
when the priority app is updated permissions change, you can turn them off in settings &gt; applications &gt; priority app. #o2guru
for full and optimum use of the app these permissions are recommended. if you're unhappy you can disable them as above #o2guru
so just to clarify what phone were you using before this one? #o2guru
if the permissions cannot be disabled, they must be required to run the priority app as efficiently as possible #o2guru
can you please follow us jack, so we can send you some info? #o2guru
thanks jack  we've sent you a dm now #o2guru
no update right now jack but we'll be back in touch as quickly as we can.
great thanks.
hi jack, can you send us across the handset make and model you're using and the software version you're running please? thanks.
hi jack, can you please send us a screen shot of where it shows this and we'll take a look?
i'm sorry there was a delay! let us know if your package doesn't arrive by november 2. please keep us posted on its delivery. 
i'm sorry this happened, davis! please provide carrier feedback here about this order: 
thanks for reaching out to us! you will be charged for your order once it ships out. 
can you confirm the delivery date provided in your order confirmation email? it can be viewed here: 
i'm sorry for the delay in delivery. could you let us know from which website did you make the purchase? 
thanks for bringing this to our attention. i've escalated this to our website team. 
() alternately, if you'd like us to verify in real-time you can reach us here:  
thank you for bringing this to our attention! i understand the concern. you can report this here: 
let's work this out! have you been able to update to ios 11.1? if not, use the steps here: 
for testing purposes, let's not install the ios beta just yet. could you send us a dm with your country to review further? 
don't worry, we've got you covered!  check out the steps listed here: 
we'd like to help. let's take this to dm and we'll explore ways to provide you assistance. 
you'll need to insert a sim and activate the iphone, once that's done you can remove the sim and use the iphone on wi-fi.
since our twitter support is available in english, get help at
here to help. send us a note at 
happy to help, lisa! sign in and visit us at 
here to help. send us a note at 
we can take a look! send us a note via 
i require your full name, address and email. what time did you receive the order after? ty 
yes, please share your confirmation here.   
sorry to hear that happened, asher. let us know if we can assist via twitter.  
have a great week.  
so great to hear that you were reunited with your headphones! 
oh no, i'm sorry dan for any inconvenience. our goal is to have safe and on time service. 
can you dm your confirmation # to the link provided? i will look into this for you.   
wow! thank you for sharing with us.  
when you are ready to troubleshoot, please send us a dm.
it will take about 15 min to reset. is it ok to do this now?
we advise deleting only the tweet that has your address. we would need it to be sent in a dm so we can pull up the account pricatley.
can you please delete the public post including your information and send it to me in a dm?
hello, i apologize about the interruption and i can further investigate this. please dm me the full name and address on the account.
sweet! looks like a movie night that i can save! dm me here 
hey benjamin, there may be some settings that need to be changed. shoot us a dm and we can help! 
hey there! if you're needing assistance at all, please send us a dm and let us know what's going on :) 
to check stock levels store's usually aren't able to reserve you a phone but doesn't hurt to ask them. 
hey patrick i'm happy to let you know that you are able to buy the iphone x in our stores beginning friday. we ex... 
what an utter legend! thanks for sharing, gemma! 
what great costumes! thanks for this fantastic pic.
we hope you'll consider staying loyal with us.
please dm your record locator and let us know what you'd like to change.
on domestic flights blankets are only offered in first class. we love traveling families and are sorry for any rudeness.
i'm so sorry about that. i'm confident we'll have it next time.
we've got you, fam.
that shouldn't happen  my apologies. which location did you visit? i'd like to follow up.
i'll follow up with our team.
happy to help!
i'm so sorry about that. please tell us more so we can help: 
the fun doesn't stop until 10 p.m. tonight!
we appreciate your patience.
that's a definite accomplishment. well played.
our dj is on point.
that shouldn't be happening. please tell us more here: 
i'm so sorry about that. please tell us more so we can help: 
this is concerning to hear. please let our team know at the link:  
in general, live tv requires a stronger connection in comparison to on-demand. have you tried these: 
oops sorry, looks like an s went missing! try out: 
we hope they help! if the issue persist on all devices afterward, don't hesitate to call/chat w/ us: 
sorry! there are several factors that impact the ad-targeting. we'd love to collect more info here: 
sorry! you can register as many devices as you want and stream to one at a time. for managing devices: 
we assure you we're here to help. have you been able to reach out to our team for further assistance: 
we're here to help. please send us a dm so we can further assist.
hey there! please send us an email at __email__! :) 
glad we could resolve this, have a wonderful day! 
oh no, is this with all websites? do you happen to have tracerts for us to review? 
would you be able to take a screenshot and then tweet us the picture?
thank you for this screenshot. is that address the website that you are having trouble with?
would you be able to run the trace to a site or game server that is giving you trouble?
we're not showing any issues on our network per the screenshot.
does this happen on multiple devices?
do you have the same issue with other sites or is it just limited to twitch? 
does this happen with normal web browsing? 
have you tried resetting your battery backup?
are you able to locate your battery backup?
based on the information provided the speeds are fine and the ping time increase happens outside of our network. 
that is no fun. what device are you watching the show on? are other devices having internet trouble in the home?
while that report is crazy, it is also stating on wireless which has nothing to do with your home service. could you run a wired test. 
hi there! information to download pre-ordered content is available here: 
 did you try to deactivate it via pc? steps here: 
please open the link sent previously and search for a deactivation form, please fill it to request the deactivation.
please check your dms for further instructions.
sorry for the inconvenience. do you see any kind of error message or error code?
hi! let's check out the next article to troubleshoot wired or wireless network connection: 
there are only select items which were included with the early access sale. which item were you trying to purchase? we'll check if it was included in the redcard early access sale. thanks for reaching out.
thanks for following up. the ipad promotion is not a part of the early access deals but this item will be available for tomorrow's door buster deals. we apologize for the confusion. checkout our early access deals here 
here to assist! to improve your connection,please check the info in the links: 
would you mind private messaging your adobe id(email) so that we can look into it. thanks  
maya, please confirm the product that you are using. 
hi, were sorry about this- can you let us know more about whats happening? were here to help! 
since the password reset didn't work, let's try to recover your account. follow the steps found here: 
we got your back, kyle. just to clarify, are you getting any error messages when signing into your microsoft account?
in that case, kindly contact our answer desk support for more in-depth troubleshooting on this link: 
 your internet service provider can check if they have another customer experiencing the same issue that you have with windows 
we highly suggest you to contact your internet service provider. if you need assistance, we're just a tweet away.
did you modify your modem? have you tried contacting your internet service provider?
may we know what troubleshooting steps have you done so far?
let's dig further into your concern. just to clarify, were there any recent changes prior to this issue? any error message?
hi. we're here to help. for us to assist you further, could you tell us more details about the issue?
 that's strange. the link provided is working on our end. however, you can directly click this link:
game. you would have to purchase the game on that specific platform to play it.  2 
hello! you would need to purchase the xbox one version of the game to be able to play it.   
the xbox 360 and xbox one versions of the games are two separate versions of the  1 
hi there, we has respond you by dm, see you there!
apologize for the inconvenience caused. may we know your booking number please ? thank you- mariya
&gt;&gt;  seat on the same value and row. thank you
&gt;&gt; we're sorry as your original pre-book seat has been occupied, how ever we can see you has been reassigned to the &gt;&gt;
hi liju, sorry for inconvenience as the flight was delayed due to operational requirement as guest safety is our priority. &gt;&gt;
you can do it here via dm. let us know your desired add ons,for whom,which sector and you will be assisted accordingly =) mariya
hi aot,good day to you . how may we assist you ?thanks-mariya
hi becca, please dm us and we will surely look into this for you right away. thanks doordash
hi bryan, thanks so much for contacting today. please dm us and we will reach out to you right away. thanks doordash
thanks for this message. sorry for the trouble.  please dm us with your email address &amp; we'll reach out right away!
oh no! i'm really sorry to hear about this, please dm us your email address and we'll reach out right away!
hello, i would be more than happy to assist you. please send me a dm.
hello james, i would be more than happy to take a look. please send me a dm.
we've spotted a winner, jason; one of our favorite costumes yet. looks like you &amp; your wine are protected from all the monsters.
this calls for a bathing ritual, allyson. we'll be sure to pass the praise along to them.
wow, robyn; we can tell it must've been something else because of your excitement. this makes us so happy to hear!
our apologies. please follow and dm with the phone number to remove from any of our marketing lists. thank you! ~tg
our apologies. please follow and dm with your full name and phone number so we can look into this. thank you.
our apologies. please follow and dm with full name, location on reservation and your email address. thank you.
we would like to review. please follow and dm with full name, location on reservation and your email address. thank you.
our apologies. please follow and dm with full name, exact hotel on reservation and your email address. thank you.
have you called 1-800-869-3557 to discuss this with a banker? there may be options available. 
what took place to leave this impression? tell me more about your concerns (no acct #) and i'll see how to help. 
the last day for the discounted rate is . 
sorry to hear this. if still at the hotel, kindly alert manager on duty as they are in the best position to assist or dm us your booking details with confirmation number and contact details for us to follow up. thank you.  
sorry to hear this. kindly dm us the reference number when you have reported the incident and your ihg rewards club membership number for us ti check for any updates on your concern. thank you.  
pls allow me to copy my response: i'm truly sorry to learn about your claims of having endured unsatisfactory level of service. pls alert duty mngr for timely assistance/dm us your concerns, complete booking information, member number including your email address  
apologies for the experience, vijay. please reply to the email sent by our team. we'll help you with alternatives. 
sorry for the disappointment. kindly reply to the email you've received from our team, we'll check and get back. 
in this case, request you to wait and you shall receive an reply from our team soon. 
insight on this issue.  
the resolution provided over the email is the best we can offer. i'm sorry we'll not be able to provide any further  
thank you for letting us know, we'll get back to you soon with an update. 
kindly share your details in the link given earlier and we'll be sure to help you in getting this issue resolved. 
kindly share your details here: 
apologies for the inconvenience with policy constraint. we'll be able to assist you once service denial letter is received.
i get your concern.we wouldn't be able to work on the issue until we receive a service denial letter from the manufacturer.
if the manufacturer refuses to honor warranty on a device, you shall receive a service denial letter for the same. 
without a service denial letter. kindly try visiting your nearest service center to report it and keep us posted.  
a document with the details as mentioned in the email for us to help you. appreciate your understanding. () 
you would only be able to confirm gift card balances on the account it is redeemed on. 
i'm so sorry! we'd like to look into our available options. please reach us here: 
hola ral. lamento saber de esto.puedes contactar nuestro servicio al cliente en este enlace: 
sorry for this trouble. if the details were shared, you must've received a correspondence from us. please check and reply. 
we have received your details. we are working on it and will get back to you with an update at the earliest. 
don't provide your order details, as we consider it to be personal information. our twitter page is public.  
oh no, kathleen! we want to help. is there an updated delivery date showing here: 
i'm sorry for the inconvenience. when you reached out to us, what options or insight did we provide? 
which carrier was assigned to deliver your package today? 
did we ask you to wait a certain date before we could offer alternative options? 
late order usually arrive the next business day. if your order hasn't arrived by 8:00 pm tomorrow, please let us know. 
we certainly want to help! is this while connected to itunes? send us a dm to let us know. 
we'd like to see what we can do to assist. dm us and we'll continue from there. 
we want to help you. dm us, and we'll look into this deeper. 
we're anxious for you to have access to your downloads. have you had a chance to restart the iphone? if not, let's do that now.
you've come to the right place. we're eager to help. is this happening with sms (non-iphone) contacts as well?
we'd love to continue working with you. let's move the conversation to dm. 
we'd like to look into this. does this happen in all apps you use the keyboard with? which device is this happening on?
you're quite welcome!
you're in the right place for help. let us know in a dm if the issue started randomly or since you first setup the watch. 
we know it's important to have your device working correctly. we'd like to help. let's meet in dm. 
please let us know what's happening with your iphone. we're eager to offer our help and get things resolved.
since our twitter support is available in english, get help at 
we're here to help. can you please send us a dm so we can connect?
we're sorry to hear about the trouble. could you please dm us your account email and the details of your issue?
here to help! contact us here; 
can you please provide additional details so we can follow up? thanks!
can you please dm us specific details of your concern so that we can properly follow up.
to best address your concern, please visit 
hi, brittany. you can always share your referral code with friends so you can rack up free rides when they sign up!
hello! thanks for your patience. please check your dm for our reply.
we apologize for the trouble! send us a dm with your email address with additional details and we'll connect.
we're here to help. can you please send us a dm  and more info so we can connect?
here to help. send us a note at 
hey bill! thank you for reaching out. ill be happy to help, please send us a direct message in order for us to further assist.
sorry to hear this, will you please dm us with your email address associated with your account and more details? we'll look into it.
here to help. send us a note at 
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address and more details so we can follow up.
we're sorry to hear this. can you please send us a dm so we can look into this?
make the best of things, kelly. enjoy your extra night! 
please reach out to someone from our baggage service team for info on your baggage. 
hey kelly, so sorry about the delay.  
...the doors are closed, they can't be opened.  
hello, benjamin. what type of upgrade certificates are you referring to? 
...are all showing used.   
i'm showing that your global upgrade certificates expired on oct. 8, 2017 and your regional upgrades expired on may 29, 2017. they... 
i'm sorry we are unable to make any exceptions regarding the upgrade certificates.  
please provide your information in the link fr provided and we'll have a team member look into this personally and reach out to you. i'm sorry for any inconvenience. 
we'll ask customers to leave their totes out for pickup. however, they shouldn't be left for 10 or more days awaiting pickup. for security, we're unable to dm personal details. once we receive your information at the link we've referenced, we can help sort this. 
we cannot accommodate this request via twitter. please send us your details using the link provided by fr. 
i would like to have a team member look into getting the totes picked up for you! please add your details here: 
i'm sorry for the poor experience! can you please tell us more about the problem you're experiencing with tote pick-up? 
hello, i'd like to help get your wifi working again. can you dm me your address and phone number to locate your account?
hello, will you please dm me your account number so i can look into this for you?
hello, thanks for reaching out about your internet concerns and i'm happy to help! can you please dm the full address? ~at
whaa?! let's show you how the un-carrier does things! meet me in the dms 
glad we could be there for you!
and hopefully many more to come.
indeed! you'll be great. thanks for stopping by.
can you try unintalling and reinstalling?
oh, i'm sorry for the confusion. this is because online ordering is down for boorito right now.
thank you for stopping by!
we love to hear that! happy halloween!
we use bay leaves to season our food. sorry one snuck into your meal.
this is genius. i appreciate it.
i'm so sorry about that! we should have been more prepared for crazy boorito volume.
we're pretty clever.
we live for baby burrito pictures.
boorito is pretty crazy around here. we'll get to you soon!
thanks for braving the line!
totally worth it.
i'm really sorry to hear that! did you speak to a manager?
and by costumers, you mean customers in costumes?
you're living life right.
hey, there. we still offer that route, but it may not be on a preferred travel date! apologies for any inconvenience. 
they may be seasonal as not all of our routes are offered year-round. 
safety is always our top priority in these circumstances. we appreciate your patience today! 
hey there, scott! send us a dm with the confirmation number and we'll go from there. 
it's a pleasure having you onboard for the ride, joel. now just sit back, relax, and enjoy your cup of 23 flavors at 35k! 
oh no! are you able to log out and back in? or have you updated your mobile app and/or phone? 
hey there, jared! what are you trying to do on the app? 
we truly regret any disappointment, rachel. please let us know if there's something we can assist you with here. 
if you're referring to the chase credit card, you'll need to speak with chase about that. you can reach a specialist at 1-800-792-0001. 
hi, travis! we have the rights to offer select eps at a time. we'll share your interest in seeing more added in the future.
noted! we'll be sure this gets passed along. for now, bookmark: 
oh no! what issue are you running into? you can also try giving us a call from the # on this page: 
no news on any outages from our end currently. let us know what device you're using and try out: 
got it! did the previous steps recommended make any impact? if not, give these an attempt for us: 
sorry for the trouble and delay! are your speeds meeting our reqs: 
we'd be more than happy to assist if there are any ongoing issues, stephen. we investigated any earlier prior issues on our end.
for more immediate assistance, we do kindly ask connecting w/us via phone/chat (both available ) here: 
apologies for the delay, kyle! did you still need some assistance? for real-time assistance, call/chat should be available now. 
sorry for the trouble. if there are ongoing issues, don't hesitate to let us know what device you're using as well as behavior.
we'd love to get our team to look closer and see how we can best assist. please give us a call/chat: 
sorry for the delay! we hope our team was able to assist, johnny. phone/chat are the best contact methods for account issues
i do apologize for the inconvenience and i will be happy to help. can you dm me your account number?
i can always search by phone number
hi photos! thanks for sharing with us. ian.
sounds like you are looking for us! please check here for availability: 
we would love to have you with fios! you can check for availability at 
hello, jimmy. just checking in to see if you are still experiencing xfinity service issues.
hi, jimmy! thanks for reaching out. let us get that fixed as quickly as possible. please dm your full address so i can help.
let us know if we can be of assistance. 
understood, thank you for letting us know. if you ever d need support we will be here for you 24x7. 
oh no, is this impacting both sd and hd feeds on all your tvs? 
oh no! how may we assist? 
please reboot the router and then reboot the set top box. 
our pleasure. please let us know if we can be of further assistance
did that resolve the issue? 
hello greg, is this in reference to your home or wireless account?
that's not good at all. please follow and dm for further assistance. 
sorry to hear there were issues. anything we can do to change your mind? 
oh no, is this happening on all your tvs? let us know, we want to help. 
good evening, let's take a look. has this issue been reported prior to today? 
we can certainly take a look to verify for you. please follow and dm us. 
hi marcelino. please follow the steps in the next link to fix the error code ce-38703-1: 
you're welcome, feel free to contact us if you have further concerns.
glad to help. please follow the steps in the next link and try again:
we'll do everything we can to help get this resolved. what type of device are you using and which version of the operating system is currently installed? tell us the answers via dm. we'll meet up with you there. 
here to help! please follow us via twitter and let us know so we can send you a dm with further instructions. thanks!
you're welcome. pets are also part of the chase family. 
hi. that is not the expectation. if currently affected, please dm your full address for support.
hi. if there is information available regarding your particular outage it would be here:
we're following you now. you may send us a dm.
review their account. we want to help in any way we can. (2)
hi, i want to help. please have your parents contact us here or send us an email at __email__ so that we can (1)
 please provide your city and state so we can let you know what channel the world series is on.
hello i can help! let me take a look into this for you. please dm your full name &amp; address.
the offer to help is always open if you change your mind. just let us know! 
if you need help or need to report anything to us, were happy to help here! just dm us the details!  
that should not be happening. we'd be happy to help. which ios version are you currently using? you can check in settings &gt; general &gt; about.
we're here for you! let us know which device you're using and the ios version installed, in dm, and we'll get started. 
thanks! well take a closer look at this. 
hi there! have you tested reinstalling this app and then resetting your network?  
following these steps, let's have you be sure to choose the option to: "reset and keep my games and apps."  
hi there! just to clarify, have you tested resetting the console following the steps here: 
hi there! just to clarify, have you followed the steps here: 
we'd recommend applying for a case review here: 
we are a separate team from enforcement, so we can't speculate on that.  
let's work together to figure out what's happening with the keyboard on your ios device. send us a dm with what type of device you're using, along with your specific ios version. we'll continue working with you there. 
....and last name into the website as it appears on the reservation? 
i've just tried it myself and it's allowed me access to your booking and then separately to online check in. have you entered the first....
thanks so much, please give booking ref rjv48z a try on dl's website  
hey cosette, no worries. what's your booking with us and i'll see if i can track it down for you 
hiya, can you please let us know your booking ref and full name by dm and we'll take a look 
thank you so much for traveling with us. have a great night.
welcome to alaska, can't wait to see you.
so sorry for the troubles! please dm us the email address for your account so we can look into this.
we can help! just dm us the email address for your account.
hi there, we has respond you via dm. see you there!- anwar
&gt;&gt; state one name, it's shouldn't be a problem anyway. :) hope this clarify you. have a good day.
hi christina, we have checked your booking , just for your info, the name repeated twice because of in the passport just &gt;&gt;
sure, chaithanya. kindly dm us the booking number. we will get it checked and advise accordingly. thanks-sha
hi there, is it okay we assist you in english? thanks-sha
hi yusof, how may we help you today? any booking number to check?
hi terri-lyn please dm/follow us with the yahoo id, best contact email and a description of the issue if you still need help!
no worries at all, and if you need us to provide you with their contact information, please dm/follow us and we'll be happy to help.
thanks for letting us know! have yourself a fantastic day!
we apologize for any inconvenience. kindly be patient. your mail will be attended to. thank you.ee
we apologize for any inconvenience. kindly provide your phone number, exact location, device type and error response so we can progress uo.
we  apologize, kindly be patient. your mail will be attended to. thank you.ee
i'm so sorry for the frustration! what was the date given in the original confirmation e-mail: 
i can understand your frustration. please reach out to us here to go over available options: 
i'm sorry you were charged unexpectedly! please reach out to amazon pay for available options here: 
i so sorry for the repeated delivery problems! when you contacted ups, what options were provided? please keep us posted. 
i'm sorry! was it shipped by amazon or a third-party seller as seen here: 
i'm sorry about this experience! have we missed our initial delivery date promised in your orders: 
i certainly understand your frustration! who was the carrier for these orders? please check here: 
we'd like to take a closer look to see what we can do. please reach out with more information here: 
i'm sorry for the trouble! we'd like to review available options with you. please reach out to us here:  
we'd like to look into what's going on with your mms. what happens when you try to send? do you get an error?
got it. let's give the steps in the following article a try please: 
thank you for reaching out to us. let's take a look at this in dm. 
we'd like to help. let's take this to dm and we'll explore ways to provide you assistance. 
we want to help you. dm us, and we can look into what's going on. 
you did a great job going through those steps. dm us here to contiue further:
we want to help you. are there any troubleshooting steps you tried on your own? we want to make sure we don't repeat any steps.
lets look into this for you. send us a dm with your exact ios version to get started. 
we want to help with your apple tv. click here to reach our team that can assist with your apple tv: 
we'd like to help. let's take this to dm and we'll explore ways to provide you assistance. 
let's look at this closer. please dm us. 
we'd love to help you fix the freezing. this article has steps to fix it: 
hi. with the ios 11 update, it can be disabled in your settings. for more information, please visit: 
we want to help! dm us and let us know more about the issues you are having. 
the best way to verify your account &amp; assist with the apple id, is to get support at this link: 
here to help! please reach out to 
find out more info about getting trip receipt here: 
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can connect.
happy to help! please reach out to 
here to help. send us a note at 
we'll be happy to help! send us a note  via 
we're so sorry for the trouble. send us a note via 
here to help. send us a note at 
here to help. send us a note at 
once i have those details i'll be able to look in to this for you and see what i can do to help. ty 
oh no, sorry mia. please can you dm your full name, address, email address and order number?
hi there, i'm sorry our site won't let you update your details. can you please dm me your full name, address and email? 
oh dear! i can understand your concerns christopher, i'd like to have this fed back to the grocery management team. 
can you dm the time your order arrived, the full name, address &amp; email address registered to your grocery account? ty- hannah. 
hi sarah, thanks for getting in touch, sorry to hear your delivery was delayed, did it arrive in the end? 
i have responded to your dm paul. ty
can you also dm with some details so i can log this internally too? your name, address, postcode, barcode, supplier code and batch code. 
hi andrew, thank you for bringing that to our attention. we will have the details updated. ian
hi there, to enable me to record your feedback. can you confirm you are referring to oxford, cowley road, ox4 1ut metro store? ty
hi there, i have just logged your complaint into my system. is there anything else i can help you with today? :) thanks, calum
can you dm us your full name and address please? i can log it anonymously though if you'd prefer. thanks  
it sounds like we need to look into this, john. dm us your confirmation here.   
thank you for asking. check this link 
hi, tina. let us check on availability. what flight do you prefer? 
going from where to where? 
you're very welcome, hal! 
hey jacob! could you send us a dm with your account's email address? we'll take a look backstage /fr
glad it came back up. not sure what you mean by they are now on notice?
understood. if anything else comes up please feel free to reach out, we're available .
i'm so sorry for that missed call earlier.  can you please dm me your info? i can help.
send me a dm and lets figure out a fix to get your vudu code up and running! 
no way, we got your back. send us a dm so we can make sure you get thanked! 
hey javi! did you already place your order? send us a dm and we can check the shipping info for you :) 
we'll do our best, chelsea. dm more details along with the flight details and name of the person. thanks. 
thanks, daniel. we've got a great #worldseries going on!
bottom of the 9th, bases loaded.... #worldseries 
refunds would have to be handled by the team. we're again very sorry for this experience.
that shouldn't have happened. where did you visit?
thanks so much, and i'll get in touch with the team to make sure we're on the same page. i'm so sorry for the trouble.
they are included.
awkward for us too. sorry that happened.
right back atcha!
so darn cute!
it's almost a scary deal.
this is concerning to hear. please let our team know at the link:  
oh my goodness, i wish you had still come in! you still have time!
life is good.
glad to hear you enjoyed it! we hope to see you again soon.
that mask is terrifying.
slidin' into home with a tasty bowl.
touchdown! :)
you sure are welcome. thanks for dropping by!
i don't see why not. make sure you wear a costume.
you're welcome!
glad to hear it.
i'll do that even though i'm not in college. respect, though.
the force was strong with you i see.
we love you right back.
that's concerning. please let our team know at the link:  
oh no! safety does take priority, but we hope to welcome you onboard to share complementary drinks on our next holiday. 
as many times as your heart desires, tj! we're happy to offer that flexibility. 
we're sorry to hear about the delayed bag. did your husband file a baggage report with an agent at the airport? 
gotcha! dubbed availability depends on the content provider. we'll share your interest in seeing more of those shows dubbed.
hi! streaming rights vary from show to show but we'd be happy to share your request. any particular shows you'd  like more of?
oh no! do any errors pop up? what device do you use? let's start by working through the steps here: 
hello. we followed up to your tweet here: 
sorry! we see that our viewer experience team was able to provide more insight over the phone. we'll share your feedback.
i don't see a dm with your phone number.
yes to dm me with your phone number
i would advise you dm that to me and delete your tweet. you posted your number out in public for everyone to see.
we do apologize that you are having issues with your password. we would be happy to help if needed!
thank you for your feedback and we will pass that to our team. should you need further help please let us know!
yikes! can you please let us know what seems to be the issue in which led to your feedback?
we would like to look into your coverage for you. please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
hi there! tell us how we can change this impression.
you will need to take the phone in to a sprint store for diagnostics as long as you have insurance they can order you a new phone.
i am sorry that is never acceptable behavior.
please dm us your tracking and contact number via the link so we can look into this for you.  
hello william, thanks for reaching out. please send a dm with your paypal email and country. i'd be happy to help. 
hi there! i'm sorry to hear about this situation. please send us a dm with some more details about this! 
we'd love to have you with fios. check our availability in your area at 
you're welcome. feel free to contact us if you have further concerns.
thank you for your report, we will escalate it to the correct department.
hi rose. you mean the online id? please check the details in the next link: 
let us know if you need any help! 
let us know if you need any help! 
let us know if you need any help! 
let us know if you need any help! 
please confirm the product from adobe that you are using. 
we're looping in an expert who can help you out here. they will reply as soon as they're available. 
 you may refer this link for the steps 
great! please let us know if you need anything else. 
hi andrew, please create custom tools to add the rotate pdf tool on the primary toolbar. 
hey ahmad, troubles prestiging in black ops 3? sorry to hear! check out this help article for intel: 
sorry to hear this! can you please try verifying your game cache there. sorry for the late response. i am just checking if you still in need assistance. please let me know. 
did you download the recent title update for the free dlc zombies map? 
can you provide a video of this? 
good afternoon, you can only play the free map in the public match playlist. 
the code that you are redeeming typed out! thanks  
hey king, there is an issue with our redemption site on to your code, things should be cleared up soon! 
hey! please go ahead and shoot me a dm with your gt, email address linked to your 
shoot me your code and 
you can send us a dm from here. whenever you have time, linda. 
you're welcome, linda. we look forward to your dm!
we are happy to help, khalid. if you ever need assistance in the future we are always just a tweet away.
redownload. this can also mean that your connection is weak and experiencing packet loss.  2 
thanks for that picture. let's go ahead and initiate the download from the web martketplace: 
keep us updated. if you still see issues, let's try another power cycle of your console and router, and try again. 
experiencing the issue. this is a connection or download issue individuals are experiencing.  2 
oh no, if the file was corrupted, everyone would have an issue. we're not  1 
hello! thanks for reaching out to us! we recommend deleting the content and trying to  1 
oh no! please let our inflight crew know so they can help. thanks!
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
what a fantastic photo! paddington looks very cosy and we are most jealous of his holidays. happy travels!!!
thanks, janet! :)
have a great flight!
we have resent the itinerary to your email, teya. yes, baggage and seats was assisted accordingly. thanks-sha
we have forwarded this to the team and you will receive the revised itinerary once done ya teya =) yana
provide us your preferred time and we will have it sorted for you =) yana
hi teya , could you provide us the booking number for further checking. we will advise you accordingly. thanks
&gt;&gt;and contact number via dm, thank you- mariya
hi vinod, apologize for the inconvenience caused, appreciate you able provide us your booking number &gt;&gt;
sorry for the inconvenience, kindly provide us with your case number. we will follow up on it accordingly. thanks
dear vinod, our team is still reviewing your case. you will be responded to accordingly via email once done
what happened? please share more details about your recent service experience (no account numbers).  
hi gabe. how can we help you today? 
hope this means we'll be seeing alot more of you, curbside!
wish we had a picture of that! too cute for words.
 looks like fun! you really livened up the place. #gojira #kingofmonsters-danny
it's not about the clothes, it's all in the attitude. #confidence
 sounds like a real keeper! hope you get to feeling better soon. in the meantime, enjoy a quiet evening of rest.
 fab shirt! #dontweall
loving your 'can-do' attitude! thanks for sharing your makeup solution with us. #makeitwork
great book! enjoy and become inspired.
hey there! we recommend checking your email for any news about upcoming promotions!  :)
hey there. can you please send us a dm with the phone number associated with your account? :) 
please report this to our critical response line by tapping the pink 'call me' button at 
we're sorry to hear about this. in this case, you can also submit a ticket to our critical response team at 
we apologize, john. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
we apologize, carrie. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
please e-mail our guest support team more details to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
we apologize. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
we apologize, steven. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
sorry to hear that, tiffany. please e-mail us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will address.
we sincerely apologize. please dm us your contact information &amp; we will make this right.
jordan, please e-mail our guest support team more details to __email__ &amp; we will address.
we apologize, jay. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
we apologize, jessica. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
we will share your tweet with our menu &amp; product development team.
we apologize. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
please e-mail our guest support team more details to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
please e-mail our guest support team more details to __email__ &amp; we will address.
we will share your tweet with our menu &amp; product development team.
sorry to hear that, sara. please e-mail us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will address.
thanks for the interest in our greek gyro. we plan for it to return.
we will share your tweet with our menu &amp; product development team.
we apologize, juanita. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
we apologize. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
we apologize, glen. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
you're very welcome.
we apologize, charles. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
we will share your request with our team for the future.
sorry to hear that. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will address.
we apologize. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
our guest support team will be in touch.
we apologize. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
we apologize, alexandra. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
kyle, please e-mail our guest support team more details to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
abby, please e-mail our guest support team more details to __email__ &amp; we will address.
sorry to hear that. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will address.
we will share your tweet with our menu &amp; product development team.
please e-mail our guest support team more details to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
thanks. we will address with the restaurant.
sorry to hear that. which restaurant did you visit?
thank you for the information. we will address this with the restaurant team.
sorry about that. which restaurant did you visit?
we apologize. we will address with the restaurant.
we apologize. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
happy to hear that, alison!
thank you for letting us know. we will address this with the restaurant team.
thank you for bringing this to our attention. which restaurant location in myrtle beach did you visit? 
we will share your request with our menu team for the future.
we apologize. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
we apologize. which restaurant did you visit?
we apologize. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
sorry to hear that, megan. which restaurant did you visit?
if you should need any additional assistance, please feel free to e-mail __email__ and our guest support team will contact you.
we apologize. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
oh no. please email us more details about your order/visit to __email__ &amp; we will investigate asap.
we're happy to hear that, julia. thank you for your update!
thank you for checking back in with us. our guest support team should be sending you a follow-up message.
can you give us a call at 1-800-599-2729 &amp; let us know what happened?
we apologize. please email us your tweet to __email__ with contact info &amp; we will make this right.
sorry to hear that. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will address.
we apologize. please email us more details about your visit to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
if you should need any additional assistance, please feel free to share additional comments here: 
we apologize. which restaurant location did you visit?
thank you for letting us know. we will share this feedback with our restaurant team.
package ending in 3201 has been loaded onto a car and is still scheduled for delivery by the end of the day. package ending in 4656 is showing that the center was unable to unload and process this in time for delivery today. i'm truly sorry for any inconvenience.  
i am sorry to hear this. please provide your tracking number via a dm. we'd be more than happy to take a look into this for you.  
please e-mail our guest support team more details to __email__ &amp; we will make it right.
we apologize. please dm us your contact information &amp; our guest support team will reach out.
we'd like to gather some more information for better troubleshooting. can you dm us the country you are located in? 
use the link below to send us a direct message. well meet you there, and we can work towards a resolution together. 
what happens when you try to open or use the mail app? let us know more in dm, please. 
we're always looking for ways to improve! please send feedback/requests following the steps here: 
amazon(*`*) ty
please don't provide your order details, we consider it to be personal information. our page is visible to the public. 
thank you for sharing your details, dhinesh. we'll check your concern and reach you soon. 
apologies for the ordeal.id like to help you; please fill this form: 
weve got your back. let us know if the steps in this article help with your iphone: 
thank you for testing out those steps. send us a dm telling us the iphone you have, and what happened before you restarted it. 
we'd like to help. let's take this to dm and we'll explore ways to provide you assistance. 
we're here to help. dm us which ios device you are using to get started. 
hey there. lets take a look further into this. dm us letting us know when this started. 
let's look into this. send us a dm with your current ios version to get started. 
here to help! send us a note here; 
we're so sorry for the trouble. send us a note via 
we're here to help! send us a dm with your account email address and we'll be in touch.
our team has recently responded via email. please reply there if you have additional questions!
sorry to hear about the trouble! we're looking into this and a member of our team will follow up with you soon. thanks for your patience.
here to help. send us a note at 
here to help! send us a note here, 
our team is reviewing your email from __email__' and will be in touch. we appreciate your patience!
here to help! please send us a note at 
here to help! find out more about amex, and send us a note here, 
hi emma, i'm sorry that you've not received the petrol voucher with your purchase. was your shop done on line or in store? 
sorry joe, did you receive your order?
can you also confirm which items you're missing? 
sorry sam, did you receive your order?
sorry beverley, did you receive your order?
your full name, address, email and a list of the affected items. kind regards, helena  
hi beverley, i'm sure my colleagues will get back to you soon enough! if you'd like me to chase this for you, please dm the following: 
sorry sasha, please can you dm your full name, address, email address and order number?
thank you for the feedback dave.
hi dave, thank you for you for the info, i've now replied to your dm. thanks
hi dave, i'm unsure why you'd be sent someone else's details, this is something we take very seriously and i'm sorry this has happened 
sorry ellie, please can you dm your full name, address, email address and order number? 
hi tom, if you can link me to the product using the link below i check stock levels for you :)
hi tom, can you confirm this is the item you're looking for? 
if you'd like them exchanged, can you also confirm which venue you'd like them exchanged for? kind regards 
hi danny, we can get these refunded or exchanged for you. can you dm us your full name, address and clubcard number? 
same to you!  
hello grace, please follow via dm for assistance.  
oh no, please file a lost baggage claim with ek, they will start the search for you. 
they will keep you updated on the location of the bag. 
i'm sure it will. i'm sorry for the inconvenience.  
hi sarah! we've just sent you a bit more info over dm. we'll carry on helping out there /js
hey! wed love to have all of his stuff available, but we have some info about content here: 
you're welcome! let us know if ever you need anything else  /ns
2: you can also use your payment card to pay for all 9 accounts. hope this helps /ns
we can definitely assist you with this, shawn. send us a dm so you can #getthanked 
happy to help, nick. dm us, let's look into it. 
i can see what i can do :) do you mind meeting me in dm? 
you can dm your ticket number, record locator or full name and origin city.
we're more than happy to do that, myra. please dm your record locator and we'll share your awesome kudos. #aateam
that's probably the best way to watch the #worldseries in our club. #cheers
we want all your travels to be pleasant with us. please let us know what we can do to help.
...full name, email, booking reference and your worldtracer reference.  
please accept my apologies for your delayed bag and the service you received, freddy. have you now been reunited with your bag? 
hi freddy. feel free to send us a dm elaborating as to what happened. we'll need your...
hi sean. domestic to an international flight has a minimum connection of 45 minutes. personally, i'd give it longer if possible. 
oh my goodness! i'm so flattered!
congrats on the literal burrito in the oven.
this is concerning to hear. please let our team know at the link:  
that is pretty epic. how will you ever top it next year?
aw! i know that feeling. thanks for stopping by.
we've got your back, my friend.
victory. always a victory.
have a prehistoric evening!
nothing wrong with that.
this is concerning. please reach out to our team at the link:  
um, is that arthur on the right?
i can only assume it's quite the look.
ha, you're right! we don't offer flights on 3rd party sites. we really appreciate you being an advocate for us. please dm your rapid rewards # for some extra love. 
no worries! you can enroll here: 
we love taking care of our passengers, thomas. thanks for sharing the love. 
awesome photo, eugenie! thanks for sharing the skies (&amp; the view) w/ us this morning. 
sorry baruch, but safety comes first. we appreciate your patience. 
glad to hear it. enjoy your free drink onboard! 
it's even orange! cheers, karen. 
cheers to your luv and loyalty, katherine. we're thrilled you're spending the night with us. 
winning! thanks for flying with us, rob. enjoy your free drink, too! 
we regret any inconvenience, ben. safety is our top priority, and we appreciate your patience. 
oh no! sorry for the trouble, caston. please call our reservations specialists at 1-800-435-9792 for assistance. 
we could listen to your kind words all day! we hope to have you onboard with us again soon. 
we're waiting for you!  
like all good ghosts, we love free boos! see you again soon. 
we understand. for any necessities, we recommend holding onto receipts for reimbursement consideration. 
oh no! so sorry to hear that. please file an incident report with our agents in the baggage office. they will be your best resource. 
they call us southbest for a reason! we look forward to our next adventure together soon. 
that's not what we like to hear! all free drink promos will be listed on the drink menu card in the seat back pocket. 
we're glad to hear that helped and we'll be sure to share the interest in having this kind of feature with our dev team!
sorry for the delay! there's not a way to block certain shows. but try deleting it from your history: 
the resolution is typically determined by bandwidth available. let's see if: 
hey there! which device do you use &amp; what error code are you seeing? are both shows and movies affected?
got it. for android, try: 
got it. follow up here: 
no news at this time, but we'll share the interest in adding more rhonj w/ our content team! you can watch w/live tv add-on
sorry! is live tv or on-demand shows affected? what device do you use? for now, please try: 
sorry to hear that! we're here to see how we can assist with this. does it continue after trying: 
gotcha! we'd like to make sure we're covering all ground here. is your roku meeting our speed reqs: 
thanks for checking! if these: 
to clarify, does freak-ish start the moment you launch our app? or does freak-is autoplay after you watch other shows?
sorry for the delay, katie! we'd like to investigate this from our end. please reach here: 
thank you for this information. i am going to submit this to the area technicians. i appreciate you for doing this for us. 
good morning! i am currently contacting our dispatch at the moment. can you dm us directly as i will need your co... 
i will submit this information to our offices in the area. i will have someone come look at this. if this is ours... 
great! enjoy the world series and thank you for being with us! 
i apologize for the issues you are having with the cable equipment. what message is on the screen when you attemp... 
if you are experiencing an issue with your services please feel free to reach out to me directly in a private message. 
if there is something specific i can assist you with please feel free to send me your phone or account number in a private message. 
hello, i do apologize for the billing issues. could you please dm us? so we can further assist you.
hello, i am happy to look into your internet services. can you dm your account name and full address?
if you do change your mind. and would like a tech, please dm us.
hello. how can we help you? 
my apologies for any issues you're currently having. i'd be happy to help anyway we can. please dm your service p... 
i do apologize for the inconvenience and i will be happy to help. can you dm me your account number?
hello! regarding your question about cartoon network, could you please provide details? what device are you using to stream vue?
thanks for that info! to further assist with this situation, please follow us on twitter and send us a dm! 
we're just as excited as you are about our new branch! if you have any account questions, let us know. 
hi, we saw your tweet, and we just want to thank you for choosing chase! if you ever need our help, feel free to reach out. 
hello. we would advise you to submit your travel alert using the link 
the swift code for international wire transfers is chasus33. 
hi. that is not the experience we want for you. please dm for support.
yes, he goodyk has been responded to, thank you.
hi gwen, what's going on with your internet/wifi?
hi, i have responded back to your dm. thank you.
oh no! i'm so sorry we've let you down! were we able to offer any options when you reached out? 
hi. please be sure to log in, to get the information specific to your part of town:
hi. that's no fun. if still affected, please dm to share the specifics about the trouble.
hello, thanks for reaching out to us. we suggest reaching out to the developer for this known issue. 
thanks for that information. we don't have any information on shipment or fulfillment nor can we speculate on them. 
hello, thanks for reaching out to us. what seems to be the issue? 
hello, thanks for reaching out to us. this depends on the monitor. as 4k is so new, some forms of it are more reliant. 
we're not sure what you mean, can you elaborate?  
hello, thanks for reaching out to us! can you dm us your gamertag so we can look into this with you? 
thrilled to hear our hardworking team took such good care of you. thanks for choosing to fly with us.
hi,dm the account number for follow up.alternatively call us via 400 for assistance.
hi, apologies for the delays. we're following up on this. we shall advise once resolved. you can also call 400 for help. 
we regret any inconvenience caused.
they must travel from the point of origin to the final destination. thanks-sha
at the transit point nor join the flight at the transit point. &gt;&gt;&gt;
for your information, due to the fly thru travel policy, guests are not allowed to break their journey &gt;&gt;&gt;
may we know the prefer flight details you would like to change? &gt;&gt;&gt;
sure, rohit. due to airasia re-time the flight we can offer you free one time flight change. &gt;&gt;&gt;
we have resent the itinerary to your email, teya. yes, baggage and seats was assisted accordingly. thanks-sha
hi there,we has respond you via dm, see you there!- anwar
hi shivanshu, can you please dm us for acknowledgement first and we will forward the message again. thanks you :)
that's great feancy, we are glad you got it sorted. thank you for your patience and have a great day  mariya
hi there, feancy! how may we assist you with your booking?
hello michael, i would be more than happy to assist you. please send me a dm.
if you'll dm me the account number, i'll be happy to help in any way i can.
please let us know if you have any questions, just dm us your account number and any questions you may have.
hello, i would be more than happy to take a look. please send me a dm.
hello bryan, i would be happy to take a look. please send me a dm.
hi kilf, i'm afraid our mixed weight eggs are cheaper because they're weight and size is not consistent throughout the pack and they're more randomly selected. aisha
of course, it's good to have a range of different sizes. have a nice day. aisha
we're sorry this happened. please dm us your contact info and store complaint. we can open a complaint for you. thanks!
we're sorry. please dm us what happened. thanks for your time!
we're sorry for the wait time! please dm us your contact info and store address. thanks!
we're sorry about this! can you please dm us what happened along with your contact info and store address. thank you!
we're terribly sorry for the wait, deon! please dm us your contact info and store address. thank you!
we're sorry, emma! we will forward your feedback for review! what city and state are you in?
we're so sorry this happened, michael! please dm us your contact info and store address. thank you!
we're sorry your order is running late! please dm us your contact info and store address. thank you!
we're so sorry about the wait! please dm us your contact info and store address. thank you!
we're sorry your pizza is late! please dm us your contact info and store address. thanks!
we're sorry your order is late! please dm us your contact info and store address. thanks!
sorry to keep you waiting for this delivery. please reach out to us if you don't receive your package.  
we would be able to submit a return to shipper after the first delivery attempt. 
please dm us your tracking number &amp; phone number and we'll see what we can do.  
jamie i am very sorry about the wait for you gate.
hey, you rhymed!  sorry about the lack of gate.  what flight are you on?
thanks for getting in touch. send us a message and we'll get started helping you out.
we've replied to your private message claire.
we have responded to your dm! check your messages. 
hi there! i'm sorry to hear about this situation. please send us a dm with some more details about this! 
hi there! i'm sorry to hear about this situation. please send us a dm with some more details about this! 
i've responded to your dm, please take a look. 
hi! i have sent you a dm. :) 
we absolutely want to follow up right away. please send us a dm with your email address so we can connect.
please fill in your details using the link: 
please share your details in the link provided above, we'll check the issue and assist you accordingly. () 
i'd like to help. please write to us here: 
apologies. we'd like to check this for you. kindly contact us here : 
please dont provide your order details, we consider them as personal information. our twitter page is visible to public. 
that's strange. let us help you out here. please drop your details here: 
sorry to know about the delay with the order. it isn't possible for us to view your order/account via twitter. () 
please dont provide your order details as we consider them to be personal info. our twitter page is visible to public. 
we'll not be able to check the details of your order via twitter. please fill in the same in the link provided. 
so that we can get in touch with you. () 
apologies for the trouble with the delivery of the order. i'd like to take a closer look at this.  ()
i'm sorry your suit didn't arrive before halloween. did we miss the delivery date shown here: 
we understand you are yet to receive your order. let us investigate this further. please reach us via () 
that's quite a comment. could you let us know if you have received an email from our team here 
sorry to know about that. kindly reply to the email and we'll get in touch with an update. appreciate your patience. 
thank you for confirming. you should hear an update from us soon. keep an eye on your mailbox. 
thanks for the heads up! we'll check this and get back with an update soon. 
we'd like to investigate this, please share your details here: 
i'm sorry for the inconvenience.  please see here: 
let's look at this together. please dm us. 
thank you for reaching out. we are here to help. please dm us, and we will continue from there. 
let's see what we can do to help. please, send us a dm. we'll move forward from there. 
we're sorry to hear you're still having problems. please dm us and we'll go from there. 
we're happy to help. reach us here for more assistance: 
we'd be happy to look into this with you. please dm us. 
we'd like to take a look at this with you. let's continue our conversation in dm. 
sorry to hear about this! send us a dm with your email address so we can connect.
we can take a look! send us a note via 
we can definitely take a look! send us a dm with your email address and details so we can follow up.
happy to further assist you. can you please send us a dm (direct message) with your email address and additional details?
here to help. send us a note at 
best way to check is to view the estimated fare in your app. find out more here:  
can you please dm your full name, address and email? i can look into this for you. ty 
sorry cindy, we aren't aware of any issues with the website. did you manage to place it after this?
hi cindy, i'm sorry you had trouble booking a slot with the app and the website. please could you dm your full name, address and email?
sorry nicole, please can you dm your full name, address, email address and order number?
sorry darren, please can you dm your full name, address, email address and order number?
sorry emma, did you receive your order or speak with someone?
if i can get this order out today for you, what times will you be available today?  
i do apologise about this emma, can you dm me your name, address and order number please? 
sorry emma, did you receive your delivery?
could you please dm your full name, address, email address and a list of the items you are missing? ty- sophie 
hello emma, i'm sorry your delivery was late and that you're missing several items. i'd like to get this sorted for you. 
sorry pearl, did you manage to speak to anyone? did you receive your delivery?
happy halloween!  
we appreciate your feedback, jd! 
here for you! dm us and we'll chat! 
lets turn this around for you! dm us and we'll get started. 
this message indicates we were giving people more time to pay the bill, and we appreciate your time in dm! 
i hear your frustrations sidnel! i will meet you in the dms to help out right away! 
hey ricky. send us a dm and we'll see what's going on! we gotchu. 
oh my goodness, that's not good. i'll get the correct songs asap  you've waited far too long. i'm so sorry.
oh, i've totally been there. i have a feeling i'll hear back soon!
hey girl! can you follow us so i can send those songs?
nope, not yet. should be sometime this week.
totally. what's the date, time and address of the location you visited?
i'm glad we were able to hook you up!
that's not good. which location did you visit? i'd like to follow up.
thanks so much, and i'll get in touch with the team right now.
that's obviously a deviation from your norm, so yes.
as long as you're declared safe, that's what matters.
that's concerning. please tell us more here: 
you didn't get it? i'm so sorry. i dig the costume.
doubt that'll ever be a think, but goodness we can sure dream.
i have the utmost faith in you.
we'll always be here for you.
that's incredibly concerning. please tell us more here: 
we've always got your back, ali! glad we could get you where you need to be safe and sound. 
we know how you feel, monique. thanks for hanging with us as we work to get you on your way! 
we're always happy to give you a lift, amanda! thanks for thinking of us to meet your travel needs today. see you soon! 
having a reliable iphone is important, and we want you to enjoy using it without worrying about battery life. which iphone do you have, and what's the ios version it's currently running? dm us with details here: 
we're disheartened to see this, shane. did you file a baggage report with an agent at the airport? 
we're sorry to hear that. we do need such damages reported. please call our baggage team at 1-888-202-1024 for assistance. 
we truly regret the frustration. it's never our intention to let you down. please continue to work w/ our baggage team in this matter. 
yikes! what model number is your lg tv? do any errors pop up when it crashes? for now, work through: 
please let us know if doesn't arrive by friday! we'd like to help! 
while we can't access order or account details through social media, we'd still like to help! please reach us directly via phone or chat so we can investigate: 
i'm sorry for the delay! have we provided an updated delivery estimate for your order? please check here: 
sorry for any frustration. for full pricing details, please see: 
uh oh! on what device are you experiencing buffering? any specific channel affected? please try: 
sorry! you can resume shows from keep watching on home. to browse/pick an ep, go to the show's page and select episodes.
yikes! which shows have you noticed this with? if you try uninstalling/reinstalling our app ( 
good evening. if you would please dm your account or phone number for me, i'll be happy to look into this for you. 
thanks for bringing this to our attention. we'd like to look into this further. please click here to join us in dm: 
we'd like to dig into what's happening with the podcasts app on your device. what type of ios device are you using and which version of ios is currently installed? let us know those details via dm. we'll continue with you there. 
hello, thanks for reaching out. which ios version are you currently using? if not on the current ios 11.1.2, please back up and update following these steps: 
dm us if you're still having autocorrect issues after updating. 
greetings. is there anything that we may assist you with?
we'd like the opportunity to assist with this. please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
sorry for the inconvenience. please follow us via twitter so we can send you a dm with further instructions. thanks!
we have sent you a direct message via twitter with further instructions.
 sorry for the inconvenience. for billing issues, please follow the steps in the next link: 
learn how to edit credit card and paypal info from a web browser: 
 hi there. for refund info, please check the following link: 
we've got a fix for the "i" on your iphone. which version of ios are you using? you can check that at settings &gt; general &gt; about. if it's not 11.1.1 or higher, backup with these steps: 
good evening, i recommend reaching out to your console manufacture in regards to this. 
please send me a message via dm. more than happy to help.  
you've come to the right place for help with your iphone. we'd like to take a look at what's happening in greater detail. send us a dm with what type of iphone you're using, along with your current ios version. 
please feel free to leave some feedback and suggestions here are almost there t- 02d-04h-14m-30s! 
hi there! have you tested using an alternate usb port on the console?  
hello, thanks for reaching out to us. the qr code feature was removed around a year ago. 
we're sorry to hear about your controller! what seems to be the trouble that you are encountering?  
gotcha. have you tried the steps in the guide here: 
thanks for trying out those steps. just to clarify, have you tested plugging in a usb cable directly into the console? 
thanks for that info. in this case, we'd recommend reaching out to the chat team:  
you're very welcome. we hope you enjoy the rest of your evening.  
hello, thanks for reaching out to us. have you power cycled your router? let's see if that helps. 
actually, that screen is very telling. you have a teredo issue. let's try running through this guide. 
so you knew you had a teredo issue? or were you selecting a different route in the guide?
let's try looking at the guide from this point, it walks through some important router steps. 
thanks for that clarification. are you seeing this issue with a wireless connection? 
hi lissy, i'm so sorry to hear about what's happened. do you have the vscr case ref handy at all? 
can i just check when you emailed? can you confirm if you contacted __email__ too? thank you 
thanks lissy. there's no uk in the email address, it is __email__ please do forward it on to that address
ok great. the acknowledgement usually advises a time frame for a response but you should hear within 14 days 
did you get a customer reference from the automated reply? 
okay, can you dm your full name and email address and i will search our system for your file 
hi, dm your account number &amp; your contact number as well we have a look into this issue. 
hi catherine, we've responded to your twitter mention ihgservice . thanks. 
 pls dm us the name of the hotel and location so we can look into the room details &amp; difference. alternatively, you may 
 contact the reservations team via the livechat link: 
hi aayush. we had respond you via dm. thanks  mariya
hi eiji, is it okay we assist you in english? thanks-sha
can we have your booking number? we will check manually for you from our end. thanks-sha
hi there, we has respond you via dm, see you there!- anwar
hi diany, at the moment fee and charge website is under maintenance. &gt;&gt;&gt;
wifiandroid
docomo mail:()
webgmaildocomo mail
webdocomomail
docomomailwifi
wifidocomomail
docomomailwifi
androidwifi
macgmaildocomomail
wifigmaildocomo mail
webgmaildocomo mail
gmaildocomo mailapplemail
&gt;docomo mail
docomomailwifi
we apologize ,kindly dial #122# to unlock the bonus .thank you.ee
morning smart, the line is on jumbo and the bonus has been credited. please dial the code #122# to check again.  tt
perhaps you can restart your phone and redial. we still see your bonus from here. 
evening, kindly provide your number for a quick check. ap
we apologize for any inconvenience you may have experienced. kindly provide your number. thank you. uo.
if you did not get the sms, it means you were not qualified. uo
we apologize for any inconvenience you may have experienced. kindly provide your number. thank you. uo.
we  apologize, kindly be patient. it will be worked on.thank you .ee
please dm us, so we can provide more information regarding the apparel.
hi, i just replied to your dm. 
hey there! can you dm us your account's username and email address? we'll take a look backstage /sy 
the results will be announced soon. kindly stay tuned for updates. 
i'm sorry your kindle hasn't arrived! can you tell us the current tracking status? 
oh my! just to clarify, can you tell us who the carrier of this order is? 
we'd like to look further into this. please click the link and fill out the secure form:
get back to you on this.  
sorry to know the shipment hasn't been delivered yet. please reply to the email received from us and we shall  
i'm so sorry for the account trouble! have you received an e-mail regarding this issue? if so, please reply to it for more info. 
number. also, please don't provide order details, we consider it to be personal info. our page is visible to the public.()
please share your detail here: 
you should have received a correspondence from our social media team. kindly check here: 
sorry for the delay. have you received the refund reference number? 
this being a social platform we can not access your account info. please confirm if you've received the refund reference()
please don't provide your order details, we consider it personal information. our twitter page is visible to public.  
sorry for the delay in pickup. kindly contact us here: 
you may track your refunds using the link: 
please fill in your details using the link: 
thanks for the update. if you've filled in your details our teams will reach out to you soon. 
i'm sorry for the frustration. who was the carrier for this delivery? you can check here: 
apologies for the trouble with the pick up of the order. i'd like to take a closer look at this.  ()
we'd like to help you with the cash back. kindly get in touch with our support team here: 
i'm very sorry for the delay. please keep us posted on the arrival. we want to make sure you get your order. 
let's look into this for you. send us a dm and we can check on available options. 
we want to help! dm us and let us know more about the issues you are having. 
we offer support via twitter in english. get help in spanish here: 
you should be able to access your icloud contacts on the web. dm us, and we'll see what we can do. 
we've received your dm and will continue there.
wed love to help. to start, please send us a dm letting us your iphone model. 
i'm sorry varathan, here is another # for the baggage team international. 404-209-3043 
oh my, varanthan. please reach out to our baggage team at 800-325-8224 for assistance.  
we can definitely understand how you feel.  
so  happy that we could help make your trip comfortable, stephanie!  
thank you for being such a loyal customer!  
that's not good. please dm your confirmation number so i can look into this.  
oh no, megan! i'm so sorry we were unable to correct this before departure. has a refund been requested for you?  
hey there! here's a whole playlist of songs we think might help: 
we sure do. feel free to send a tweet our way if you ever need any help with anything  /nq
i see that you've recently posted about your comcast services, dm your account # so i can look into this &amp; speak privately. ~db
i see that you've recently posted about your comcast services, dm your account # so i can look into this &amp; speak privately. ~db
i see that you've recently posted about your comcast services, dm your account # so i can look into this &amp; speak privately. ~db
with your full name, address, and account number so i can look into this issue. thanks!
i understand how frustrating it is when service is interrupted and i'd like to assist with your concerns. please send a dm
you've reached "rockstar john" here at t-mobile t-force!!! here and ready to assist you!!! 
awesome hashtag! tell all your friends to hashtag #hr4hr, and let's see how much we can raise! 
no hidden fees here! check out all the details: 
hey there! let's make this right for you and get your problem resolved. i will meet you back in the dms right away! :) 
oh no! send us a dm and we'll see what we can do to fix it! 
absolutely! we are here for you, krista! let me know if you can follow those steps i sent. 
hey, help us to help you. gotta reach out in a pm if you need something 
we're very sorry for this experience. if we can help with an update, then please share your flight number.
it looks like there's a maintenance delay and we've an estimated departure time of 10:40p. we'll get you in the air soon, bennett.
we love hearing this and look forward to welcoming you on board again soon.
let us know what you think! we're excited to have you on board.
is there some way we can help?
we don't tolerate discrimination of any kind. please dm your record locator and contact details (phone and email).
we'll respond shortly via dm.
prices can change very quickly. they're based on availability.
absolutely, please dm your 6 letter record locator and we'll let you know.
hey! choosing a device is a personal choice and we'd love to answer any questions you may have to help narrow it down. send me a dm so we can chat. 
i love this time of year for great deals! we have a list of current offers here 
we'd like to make sure this is fixed, please dm your record locator. also, did you let our crew know?
you'll use our 6 letter record locator since the first leg of your trip is with us.
you shouldn't need to. let our airport team know if you need assistance on the day of departure.
hi michael! i'd be sad to see you go and we'd love to take a closer look at your specific location. send me a dm so we can work on this together. 
we appreciate you stopping by, my friend. enjoy!
thanks for stopping by!
that doesn't sound good. please tell us more here: 
can we help at all, claire? feel free to dm us if you prefer. 
hi janette. were you given a worldtracer reference? if so you can check for updates here: 
we're sorry about this, janette. our team are working hard to reunite our passengers with their bags as quickly as possible. 
all that glitters is gold when you're onboard! see you again soon! 
we're saddened to learn you're upset with us. is there anything we can assist you with here? 
we apologize if we missed an opportunity to be of better service to you &amp; appreciate your feedback as we're always looking to improve. 
oh no! are you still running into buffering? if so, please check your speeds meet our reqs here: 
definitely more than adequate! what device are you using to stream? do you come across any error messages?
we're sorry to hear about the ongoing frustration. our phone team will be able to provide more insight. we'll share the feedback.
sorry to hear we weren't able to immediately remedy the issue! we'll share the feedback as we continue to make enhancements.
oh no! we did have a hiccup earlier on sunday, but this should now be resolved: 
sorry--hulu is only available in the u.s. at this time, but we'll share the interest in coming to india! 
sorry, jake! what issue are you coming across? what device are you using? for now, try rebooting your device &amp; modem/router.
hey, terry! we'll be sure to share the interest in seeing leverage stick around+in adding justified w/our content team!
that's not what we like to hear, bill. what issue are you coming across? what device are you using? we're here to help.
does this error pop up for a particular channel? any difference on another browser? please also try: 
our sincere apologies again, bill. we'd like to take a close look at what's going on via phone/chat: 
thank you! can you provide with your zip code so i can check the site now? 
thank you! let me check on this for you now. one moment please. 
thank you for your patience, i was able to log in. does it allow you to get to the log in page at all? also, can ... 
thank you, can you try another browser? if not, can you clear your cache and delete the cookies and try it again. 
good evening! i am very sorry you experienced a concern with our on line payment option. are you receiving a particular error message? 
we apologize for the misunderstanding. you check the status of your order at 
the iphone x will start to be delivered by . you can get more information by clicking this link: 
please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
hey there! what seems to be the issue today?
we will be glad to have you join our sprint family. please reach us via dm for more details.
please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
hello! thank you for contacting us, this is really concerning to us, please send us a dm to further assist you..
we have sent you a direct message via twitter with further instructions.
glad to assist! please check the steps for error code ce-34878-0: 
let us know the results!
hi there. please scroll down in the next article to see the steps to download: 
hello, this does not sound good.  can you dm the account name and complete service address? we would like to help.
sounds great, and please let us know in the future if we can help.
@119517,  we do apologize for the inconvenience and hope to have it restored soon as we can. = jj 
@119517, restore power we will not be able to provide any clear updates.
@119517, this outage is due to commercial power where our signal transmitter is located is out. until the power company can 
jonathan, we're to help! please dm your full address and i can check the services for you. thanks
oh no.  that is not the cox experience we want you to have.  what issue are you having with your service? 
apologies for the trouble. we understand how frustrating this can be. your satisfaction means everything to us. we are working on your concern. 
apologies for the trouble. we understand how frustrating this can be. please bear with us as it is taking a bit longer than usual. we will sort this out at the earliest.
hope we have addressed your query. have a great day!
regards,shweta
apologies for the inconvience caused to you.request you to visit some other idea store,if you face same issue please write us back
apologies for trouble, you can be able to link the number in maharashtra circle only aadhar card will do of any state.
rgds,amruta
not always necessary. our reservations team will be able to assist at (800) 252-7522
we're so sorry to hear that! please dm us your account email so we can look into this asap!
we were able to find a couple of sources for you; 
the local development section is the closest info we found: 
if that doesn't help, let us know. 
can you post on  
we will look into this and get an answer to you shortly. 
could you direct message us with more information on the issue you are experiencing? 
hi tohplatu, kindly tweet us in english or you may contact thailand call centre +66 2 515 9999 for further assistance. thanks
if a buyer has a negative feedback for not paying it's not going to stop them from bidding on your item. if you set up buyer requirements correctly you can restrict them from bidding if they've had an unpaid item case: 
i appreciate it is frustrating but leaving a negative feedback won't stop them from doing it again. if you open an unpaid item case they will receive a strike for non payment which can lead to restrictions from bidding in future. 
hey, there! we are sorry to hear this. we want to look into this for you. please dm us your phone number, and more details on this ride. 
you are welcome. et.
kindly be patient. et.
good morning datonye. we apologize, kindly exercise patience. we are still looking into it. thank you. fa
the vas on the line has been deactivated. a refund is being processed. kindly be patient.  tt
kindly send  stop to 55357 , dereg to 7728  to deactivate the vas. you may send stop to 2442 for full vas dnd.  tt
afternoon daytonye, kindly provide your mobile number for checks and assistance.  tt
good morning. there is a centurion lounge at terminal 3 and 2 other lounges depending on who you are flying. 
hello there. is this concerning a us amex card? we currently only have access to card specifics, not flight details. 
if you need further assistance please let me know. 
the link to the item can be tweeted to us here, or reviewed here: 
we recommend removing this photo as it contains personal info. will you share a link to this item so we can look into this? 
thanks for keeping us posted. i'll pass along your comments to our team and we'll work on this. 
get back to you.  please dont provide your details as we consider them to be personal information. our page is public.  
i'd like to look into the issue and set things right. please provide your details here:  
i'm sorry for any inconvenience! can you tell us when your order is due to arrive? 
orders can ship at any time; once the order has been processed it will be assigned a tracking number. 
please keep us posted as we want to make sure your order arrives!  
i'm sorry about the experience. kindly share your details here: 
time frame has passed and you haven't received any update or if you aren't satisfied with seller's reply then you may file 2/n 
the a-z guarantee claim. you can know more about a-z guarantee claim here: 
sorry to know the seller hasn't responded to your query. generally, the seller's respond with in 2 business days if this 1/n 
seems like you've had an unpleasant experience. could you elaborate so that we could assist you accordingly? 
i'm sorry for the unpleasant experience, i'd like to look into this closely. kindly drop in your details  
i'm sorry to know about the conflicting tracking update. have you reported this to our team here: 
so sorry to hear this. please send us a dm with your email address so we can help.
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address and more details so we can follow up.
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
hi there! please reach out to 
we can take a look! send us a note via 
here to help. send us a note at 
sorry to hear about that! can you please contact us via 
here to help. send us a note at 
we can take a look! send us a note via 
happy to help! please reach out to 
here to help! send us a note here 
we're so sorry for the trouble. send us a note via 
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address and more details so we can follow up.
here to help! connect with us through 
sorry nick, did you receive your delivery?
hey mo, we no longer do the double up event in store, but we still have our partners :) kind regards
glad you're happy with your vouchers mo. remember you can get up to 4x the value out of them on clubcard boost. happy halloween
hi emma, i have replied to your dm.
not a problem joanne.
hi joanne, have you tried an alternate browser or device? ty
this should work, however if not please get back in touch. ty andrew 
this is strange joanne. have you been able to make an order?
that is great to hear, gary. we are looking forward to having you on board! 
oh no, jacob! are you okay?  
sorry about the bumpy ride but i'm happy to hear you are doing well and our crew was great through it all!  
no worries! let us know if you ever need us again. we'd be... 
hey claire! sometimes content gets temporarily removed because of licensing changes. hopefully we'll have them available again soon /mg
hey! we don't have any info about this right now, but we'll be sure to pass on your feedback to the right folks /nq
you're welcome. let us know if you ever need us again. we'd be... 
hi there! what's happening exactly? are you having issues loading the app? we'll see what we can suggest /nq
address, and account number so i can assist with the issues you've been experiencing.
i'd like to look into your internet concerns and see what i can do to help. please send a dm with your full name,
with your full name, address, and account number so i can look into your service concerns. thanks!
hi, i'd like to assist with the internet issues you've been experiencing. please send a dm
ok! give me a moment to see if we have any known issues with this redemption offer! 
ok! what kind of phone are we using tonight? 
t-mobile tuesdays is awesome!!! i will be more than happy to assist!!! missing the list of movies? how are you ac... 
let's do 2 things. let's me have you confirm that you software is up to date and also the t-mobile tuesday app is... 
let's go into settings, general, iphone storage. let me know what we have there! 
what is a good email for you to be reached at? 
i submitted a trouble ticket for you. we will allow 72 business hours for resolution. a complaint has been create... 
hey erik, let's take a closer look at this situation and make sure you're on the right plan. send us a dm! 
the iphone x is absolutely gorgeous. shoot me a dm and we'll price it out! 
thank you for the dm! i'll meet you there! 
we're not about that! send us a dm and let us know what's going on.  let's turn that frown upside down, mo! 
we've got you, fam.
this is incredibly concerning. please provide more details here: 
please dm your tracking number, delivery address and phone number so we can take a look into this.  
i'm sorry to hear of the delay! we can take a look into what happened, please dm your tracking number, delivery address and phone number.  
that shouldn't be happening. please provide more details here: 
happy to get that for you, thomas. please dm us your confirmation number. 
welcome home, shu! we enjoyed having you onboard tonight. 
great suggestion! we'll be sure to share the interest in adding more dance moms with our content team!
hello, i am happy to look into this. can you dm your account name and full address.
you're welcome. have a great night!
the account name is the actual name on your account, such as steve averill. if you have any further questions or ... 
hello, steve, i apologize that your services are out. please send me a dm with your account name and phone number... 
hey! is there anything we can assist you with?
this is disappointing to hear. will you please share what happened with our team  
hello! this is concerning. please, send us as dm and we will review your coverage. 
thanks for reaching out, i'd be happy to address your queries. shoot us a dm so we can further assist.
please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
hi arvid, once an account has been created the online id can't be changed, more details here: 
glad to help. please check your dms for further instructions.
hi there! please check the info in the link to pre-load the content: 
glad to help!  please follow us via twitter and let us know so we can send you a direct message with further instructions.
we have sent you a direct message via twitter with further instructions.
hello there, please check your dm's for further instructions.
please check your dm's
can you please send us a dm clarifying what you are coming across exactly?  
hey, great idea! we appreciate the feedback so please fill this so studio can take a look at it: 
unfortunately i dont have information on future titles or updates. 
if you ever have questions in the future, you know where to find me. have a good night! 
hey there! gamestop would definitely have more info regarding their codes. try contacting your local store. 
hey, please report this player in-game so we can investigate the account. make sure your friends do so. thanks for your help! :) 
no worries, whenever you have the time please do. let me know if you have more questions! 
hey there! unfortunately, i have no info regarding these promotions. i believe the window to redeem a code has closed. 
unfortunately we aren't able to provide a free code for that. let us know if you need help with anything else. 
good evening, i'm not seeing much connection issues occurring. are you playing on a wired or wireless connection? 
 posted by likhitha v on this link: 
got it. just to clarify, is the driver updated through the manufacturer's website?
 we have found a discussion that may help you resolve your touchpad issue. kindly follow the troubleshooting steps
please send us a screenshot of the error message. may we know which ms word version are you using? let us know.
good day! how are you? checking back with you. is everything working on your end? let us know if you need further assistance.
hello! let's try the steps here: 
are you able to try performing the offline update: 
what is it that you are trying to do, arlo? we might be able to help.
thanks arlo. the error is due to the route you're trying to book. give us a call at 1-800-jetblue so we can look at options with you.
sorry to hear that. have you tried switching browsers and clearing your cache and cookies?
dm your number for us to check and assist.
thank you for your time, alexa!
we're sorry this happened! can you have your friend dm us or call our customer team? thanks! 1-877-547-7272
thank you, alexa!
we're sorry for the wait! please dm us your contact info and store address. thanks!
we're sorry your order is over cooked! please dm us your contact info and store address. thanks!
we're sorry this happened. please dm us your contact info and store address. thanks!
we're sorry to hear this, allison! please dm us your contact info and store address. thanks!
i apologize for the poor experience you've had with us. if there is anything that i can help you with, please dm me.
hi there,kindly dm us your booking number for us to assist you further :)
hi amran, we has respond you via dm, see you there!- anwar
you're most welcome. do let us know if any further assistance is needed. thank you and have a great day-mariya
we are terribly sorry for the inconvenience. try uninstall and reinstall said app. it should be working fine =)- mariya
was anything damaged inside? 
hi colleen, please dm us your information and we will investigate this for you right away. thanks doordash
hi chad. so sorry about your experience. please dm us your information and we will be in contact to resolve. thanks doordash
hi queen, so sorry about your order. please dm us your information and we will be in touch right away to resolve. thank you
thanks for this message. sorry for the trouble.  please dm us with your email address &amp; we'll reach out right away!
hi josie, please dm us your info and we will investigate this for you right away. thanks doordash
oh, dear! please reach out to our lost &amp; found team at 
hey there, matthew! thanks for bringing this to our attention. we definitely value your feedback..
unfortunately, the .nbi files cannot be deleted. please contact your regional technical support team for assistance:
the .nbi files are part of the backup &amp; are needed for data restores. you can delete the current backup plan &amp; data,
what device do you see the .nbi files on? and which os does that device use?
i'm sorry you still haven't received the order. was there any update on the tracking here: 
who is the courier shown on the tracking info? have you contacted the courier? 
please let us know if you do not receive your order, or an update, today so we may contact the carrier on your behalf. 
if alexa doesn't discover your smart home device, here are some solutions to try: 
i'm sorry it's been delayed. we'd like to look into this. please send details about this order here: 
sorry to know about the delivery issue. did we happen to miss estimate as mentioned here: 
so that we can get in touch with you. () 
i'm sorry to hear that. let us investigate this further. please drop your details here: 
please don't provide your order details, as we consider it to be personal information. our twitter page is public. 
we cannot check your order details here. kindly fill in the form for further assistance on it. 
i apologize that we missed the mark. what is the most recent tracking update? you can find that here: 
unforeseen circumstances can cause delays and we appreciate your patience while we are working to get your packages delivered. 
i'm so sorry your flowers were damaged! please reach us here: 
where we highlight the latest movies and tv shows we have available. ()
we will continue to add new content. keeping checking 
i'm sorry for the unexpected package! please reach us here: 
for available options. 
it to be personal information. our page is visible to the public. 
that's a great question! you can learn more on how to turn on audio descriptions here: 
i'm sorry the link didn't work. you can view the list of audio descriptions by clicking here: 
i'm sorry you've not received your order. i'd like to investigate this and assist you with the issue. please fill this  
 i'm sorry for the trouble! you can dial +1-206-266-2992 to reach us internationally. 
that's strange. i'm sorry for the experience. let us check this out for you. please reach us via: () 
credentials. click on settings and set country to india.  
please connect with our support team here: 
request you to change the country settings. please click here:
we can take a look! send us a note via 
here to help! please send us a note at 
happy to further assist you. can you please send us a dm (direct message) with your email address and additional details?
find out more info about downloading the app here: 
were here to help! send us a note via 
here to help. send us a note at 
we're here to assist. please send us a dm of your email address so we can look into this with you.
sorry to hear this was your experience. contact us via 
happy to further assist you. can you please send us a dm (direct message) with your email address and additional details?
we can definitely take a closer look! contact us here: 
can you dm us your full name and address so we can do so? kind regards
hi aisha, i'm so sorry about this. can you please confirm location of your local store? i can then look into this for you. ty
hi chris, we'd need the requested information to log this for review and arrange a moneycard. kind regards
hi chris, unfortunately without these we are unable to investigate this further but i can still log this on our system and refund you. 
could you please return the hair, cake &amp; packaging to a metro, superstore or extra store so we can investigate this thoroughly? 
sorry to see that charlie, did you manage to place your order?
hi charlie, i am sorry, have you managed to place the order now? can you please sign out, clear the cache and cookies and try again? chris
it can't be reissued or extended, chris. once it's expired, that's it.  
unfortunately, it can not be extended, chris.  
hi, chris. i understand &amp; my apologies for any confusion. however the voucher, is only good for 1 year &amp; cannot be extended. 
oh no, i'm very sorry to hear about this. please speak with our airport baggage service team for immediate assistance.  
hey there! can you let us know what's happening exactly? we'll see what we can suggest /ns
haha, that's a good one! let us know if you need anything else  /ns
we're always happy to give you a lift, katie. thanks for flying with us and sharing the love. 
we're so glad you love it, dj! hope to see you back in the skies with us soon! 
i'd love to help.  i have yet to receive the dm with your info,.  has this been missed again?
yay! love the enthusiasm! woohooo! it's a great week! 
abdul, we don't like buffering videos either! let's make sure that never happens again for you us a dm! 
we would love to check for ya :).  dm me: 
hey shehab, your time is valuable to us. if you're still needing assistance, send us a dm and we'd be happy to assist. 
yass! that's what i like to see! glad to see that we were able to get you up and running! :d 
we've got your back, my friend. what was your costume?
we're ready to go with you. please give us a call at 800-433-7300 and we'll find you the lowest fare available.
we do many checks pre and post departure. please share your flight number if we can provide an update.
that's off-putting. please tell us more here: 
i'm so sorry for the frustration, my friend. there's always next year.
we'll be ready and waiting.
you should follow us and we would've definitely given you the reminder!
i have faith you'll keep making those great decisions, my friend. what was your costume?
that doesn't sound right. please tell us more here: 
yeah, buddy! that's what we like to hear. i'll definitely pass along the praise.
we'd love to hear it at 
limit one $3 meal per person in costume.
for halloween, im gonna be a goblina gobblin down this burrito. 
it doesn't get much better than that.
you don't sound happy, rohan. is there anything we can help with? 
hey, kathi. we can take a look for you. send a dm with the confirmation number.  
hello. is there something we can help you with? 
thank you for replying! please have your  friend reach to us and we can help them out. 
i apologize for the issues you are having with the internet services. i will be able to assist you further. have ... 
i thought that was the case, but you never can be to sure. i wanted to make sure i was offering some sort of assi... 
i do. have you spoken with sales to see when we were coming out to finish the work? 
if you are not able to find out any information,please reach out to us here. we will see what we can find out for... 
hi there! we have sent you a direct message via twitter with further instructions.
 buen da victor. sigue los pasos en este artculo 
we can take a look at this for you. could you dm us your full address and the primary name on the account.
@119673, has it been restored yet ? = jj
hello, this does not sound good.  can you dm the account name and complete service address? we would like to help.
tight, bypass any splitter son the line and power cycle all equipment. thank you. (2)
ok. please plug the modem directly up to the power outlet and see if that helps. thanks.
ok. the modem is reporting power adjustments. is the modem plugged up to a power strip or ups?
are you experiencing this issue with all devices in the home or just one?
hello. we can help. what speeds are you currently getting?
we're still getting a low signal here on our end. please ensure all connections to your modem and to the wall are (1)
hello, this does not sound good.  can you dm the account name and complete service address? we would like to help.
hello, thanks for reaching out to us. we can speculate on updates from developers. 
hello, thanks for reaching out to us. can you dm us your gamertag and a description of the issue? 
what kind of issues are you seeing? if you send us details, we'll be happy to have a look with you to find some answers. 
hopefully no mouse! let us know some details &amp; we'll be happy to have a look with you. tweet us any time. 
strange. we'd love to get more information about this. would you be able to dm us some examples so we can forward it? 
address, and your customer relations case reference number. one of the team will look into this for you and get back in touch as soon as possible to assist you further.  
sorry to hear about your experience. please dm me your 6-letter conf. code. i can give you a status update.
hi, register and request for the statement by dialing #&gt;my m-pesa information&gt;m-pesa statement&gt;full statement&gt; (cont)
sorry for the trouble caused.we request u to visit maharashtra circle idea store to link ur idea number with aadhaar card.
than we will take necessary action against them.
sorry for the trouble.please visit some other nearest idea store.if this time they don't help you 
we are here to help you. please dm your idea &amp; alternate number for further assistance. regards, mahindra
we wanted to check back in and see if the documentation provided has helped you? let us know!  
could you post this on 
if you send us on the url details, we will get this to the relevant department to respond to you. 
the url or the forum post we advised you to create. 
we have flagged your post with our engineers please monitor for updates. 
are you still seeing this issue? please let us know if there is anything we can do to help. 
are you still seeing this issue? please let us know if there is anything we can do to help. 
could you post this on 
just to confirm, would you be referring to this? 
would these additional options work: 
got it, and are you seeing this in multiple browsers or private browsing sessions? 
hi, are you able to direct message us a few more details about this? 
hi, could you please provide us with more information on your issue? 
hi there. if you need any assistance with a delivery, please dm us your tracking # &amp; contact info.  
drivers can be out on route well past the 7pm normal cut off. thanks for your patience. 
lori, i want to see why you're receiving these emails. to have me look into this, please dm us your full name, address, and best phone number. for your privacy and security, please refrain from posting any account numbers. thanks.  
philadelphia.
youre welcome, have a great day and thank you for choosing american express.
pls visit: 
hi there, thx for tweeting us. sfo is located in terminal #3 near gate 74 as long as you have an eligible u.s. amex card.
 pls visit:  
access to the centurion lounge is complimentary for global platinum &amp; centurion card members.
i apologize for the inconvenience; we are aware of an issue in that area and working to resolve it. i have requested our automated system give you a call when the area issue is resolved. there is no estimate time of repair available. i do not have any f... 
i just sent you a dm. 
i do not have a dm from you. can you please re-send it. 
good morning! i am sorry for the frustration. can you please follow/dm your account number as well as the full service address and i will be able to look into this further. 
in that case. there are no restrictions on an super off peak ticket for tomorrow. 
so you will be travelling solely in zones 1-6? 
hi becky, you can see this information here &gt; 
this isn't how we want you to feel. we'd like to help, if possible. please let us know more about what's going. 
i'm sorry for the trouble. generally, the bank can issue a refund to the new active card on file. please keep us updated. 
i'm sorry for the poor experience! will you tell us more about the issue and what info or options we were able to provide? 
we can't access your account via twitter. without providing personal info, will you please tell us what's going on? 
i'd like to have a member of my team look into this with you! please submit your information here: 
echo lets you play music from services like amazon prime music, saavn and tunein. 
you're most welcome. glad to know that refund has been credited. have a great day ahead! 
apologies. i understand waiting could be tiresome but rest assured, the concerned team is working on a resolution for you. 
request you to check for our response using this link: 
did you receive our email on your revert? 
as you have provided your details, we have our team working on your issue, gautam. ()
we are right on it! we'll get back to you soon. 
that's strange. kindly write back to the email received and we'll check this out for you. 
you must have received a correspondence to your registered email address, request you to check the same. 
apologies for the bad experience. thanks for sharing your details. we'll get in touch with you. appreciate your patience. 
i'm sorry for the trouble. please fill this form: 
we have sent a correspondence to your registered email id. please check and reply.
sorry about that aadil. please respond to this email and we'll check this for you. 
please dont provide your details as we consider them to be personal information. our twitter page is visible to public. 
could you please let us know if you had received any email stating the package was  going to be shipped by 7th ? 
that is unusual, aadil. looking at the image, i see that the package will be delivered between 3rd to 6th november.  
details here: 
aadil, please reply to the email you've received from our team so that we can assist you accordingly. 
in that case, please fill in the form again here: 
our team has sent you a correspondence. kindly check it here: 
account via twitter. please reply to the email you've received from our team or kindly resubmit your () 
sorry to know about the delay with the order. i understand you wish to cancel the order. we can't gain access to your () 
with your preference and we'll get back. ()
i'm afraid we haven't received your write-back to us, aadil. please respond to our latest correspondence ()
i'd like to take a closer look into this, please share your details here: 
sorry for the delay. i'll be sure to pass on your feedback. kindly wait until the mentioned time frame. do keep us posted. 
apologies for the delay. have you reported this to our support team here: 
two-day shipping refers to transit time, in business days, once shipped. did we miss our mark? 
what was the estimated delivery date provided in the order confirmation e-mail? 
my apologies. what is the latest update on the tracking?: 
hey, get in touch with us here: 
we would be unable to reach out to you from here. kindly write back to the email sent by our team () 
apologies. request you to reply to our email correspondence for further assistance and we'll look into this. 
sent by our team and request for a phone call. once you do so, our team will get back to you through phone soon.  
further assistance as we wouldn't have the access to your account from here. appreciate your understanding.  
kindly revert to our email correspondence with further query on this and we'll be happy to take it over from there. 
we've made a note of your comments and passed it along to the concerned team. we'd appreciate your understanding. 
as informed in the email, please be assured that appropriate actions will be taken for improvement. 
as you've shared your details, we'll work on it and get back to you at the earliest. 
please share your details in the above link anurag and we'll check this for you. 
email correspondence from our team. kindly check the same and revert.  
i'm sure our team would reach out to you soon. () 
please don't provide your order details, we consider it to be personal information. our page is visible to the public.
apologies for the situation, anurag. please share your details here: 
be assured, we've shared your comments with internal teams for review and to improve our services. () 
however, you need to adhere to guidelines here: 
please don't provide your order details as we consider it personal information. our twitter page is visible to public. 
requesting for a call-back and we'll reach out to you soon. () 
we have emailed you here: 
i'm sorry about the disappointment. i'll be sure to pass your feedback to the concerned team internally. 
i understand your concern, anurag. please reply to the email you've received from us and i'll get back to you. 
hey there, as this is a payment-related matter, we'd have to check it through our official support channel. please write us: 
here to help. send us a note at 
here to help, erica! we see your outreach and a member of our team will be following up to assist as soon as possible.
it seems a member of our team has reached out to you. please check your email and follow up with them there.
we've responded to you via dm.
here to help! send us a note at 
we deliver the food you want, from the restaurants you love, at uber speed. learn more at 
happy to help answer your question! sign in and visit us at 
we'll be happy to take a closer look. send us a note via 
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
here to help! please send us a note at 
here to help. send us a note at 
sometimes the uber system is faulty and your application may not be working properly. to troubleshoot, visit: 
here to help! contact us here; 
we can take a look! send us a note via 
here to help. send us a note at 
we take this very seriously. please send us a direct message with your email address so we can connect asap.
sorry to hear about that! please contact us via 
our pleasure. thanks for reaching out! 
aw! too cute! somebody has definitely earned their wings!  
hey there! are you able to uninstall the app after restarting your computer? we'll see what else we can suggest /nq
2: startup options here: 
1: can you try restarting your computer in safe mode with networking, then uninstalling the app? there's more info about advanced...
can you dm us your account's email address or username? we'll take a look backstage /nq 
oh no! lets get that fixed as quickly as possible. please dm your full address so i can see what is going on.
hello, thanks for reaching out about your audio concerns and i'm happy to help! can you please dm the full address? ~at
hello, please send us more info in dm on this issue. like what channels is this happening on?
please send us a dm with your account number or full address. thank you,
hello, thanks for reaching out about your concerns and i'm happy to help! can you please dm the full address? ~at
okay, was there anything else i could help with?-jg
my pleasure! have a great rest of your day and reach out again if you need anything in the future!-jg
hello, thanks for reaching out about your cable concerns and i'm happy to help! can you please dm the full address? ~at
hello, thanks for reaching out about your concerns and i'm happy to help! can you please dm the full address? ~at
glad to hear it was corrected. did this ever happen to your service before?-sean
i do apologize for any frustrations, if there is anything else that we can do for you, please let us know. ~at
i do apologize for the troubles and inconvenience. please let us know if there is anything we can assist with. ~rd
hello please dm your account details and i will look into this for you. ~rd
hey there, i would like to further assist you with your wifi issues. can you please dm your address and telephone number?
hey there, i would like to further assist you with your request. can you please dm your full address and more details?
hello, i do apologize for the trouble. please dm so we can discuss.~rd
hello, i'm sorry to see that you feel this way and i'd be happy to help! can you please dm more detail? ~at
hello, we are in contract with the network and that will determine what is available. i do apologize. ~at
you're welcome! we're here  for assistance in the future. ~at
hello please dm your account details and i will look into this for you. ~rd
hello, thanks for reaching out about your pricing and i'd be happy to help! can you please dm the full address? ~at
i do apologize for the troubles and loss of services. please dm your full address and i will look into this for you. ~rd
you're welcome! we are always here for you , and only a tweet away :) 
happy to hear that !  enjoy your night and your movie :) 
let's go over your order! send me a dm. :) 
ryan, we agree can do better than that for you! please send us a dm with your location so we can work on that. 
val, you need a smooth streaming experience! send us a dm and we can take a look at how we can improve your experience :) 
yup! but the costume doesn't have to be elaborate.
we'll be here for you.
no tricks  only treats here.
our apologies for the delay. we know that waiting is no fun and we appreciate your patience.
we're totally adopting the 'there are no calories up in the air' rule, ana. we hope you had a great time in nyc! 
all in a day's work! see you again soon.  
hey, there. when you are choosing your flights, you can actually hover over the price to see how many points you would earn! 
quick check 
sorry for the confusion. smart tv's don't currently support live tv. for supported devices, please see: 
morning, vincent! to clarify, what brand is your smart tv? we're working to roll out live tv to more devices in the future.
thanks for confirming that, vincent! we'll let our team know you'd like to see live tv available on lg tvs in the future.
hey there, vincent! which device are you on? please note live tv is available on devices w/the new hulu: 
sorry! there may be a slight delay from cable. for streaming issues, let us know the device in use and try: 
sorry, mike! we kindly ask that you reboot your device and modem/router for 2 minutes. if no luck, let us know the device in use.
i apologize for the inconvenience. i will be glad to assist you. can you dm me your name and acct # or phone #?
hi grace to hear about your journey with us due to the short formation of the train. ian.
it could be wireless interference. are you having signal or speed issues? 
disculpa el inconveniente. cul es el cdigo de error que ves?
hey there! which platform are you on? are you on a wired or wireless connection? 
hi there! mind sending us a direct message 
hi there! mind sending us a direct message 
for services running into london terminals to hear you feel that way. we've just sent you more info via dm. we'll continue helping out there /ls
hi,share the mpesa transaction code for assistance.
please share your  contact number. 
we are following up on you issue  we will revert once it has been resolved. 
...enter id or document of registration&gt;enter e-mail address and confirm 
welcome to idea family.please share your number along with the pincode and connection type to help you better.
thank you for the contact details, also share your pincode of pune to assist you further.
request you to share connection type, so we will assit you better. regards, shruti
we forwarded your concern to the concern team, we will contact you, please bear with us some time. regards, shruti 
sorry, we understand the wait has been long. please give us some more time.our team will get in touch with you.
please allow us an opportunity to win you back. we dont want to lose you as our customer.regards,
sorry for now there is no offer available for u.we request u to follow the link 
as checked your concern has been discussed &amp; addressed by our team. rgds, amit
as checked our executive did called you and addressed your issue and provided  resolution. please dial . rgds, mahi
we understand your concern has been addressed by us and appropriate resolution has been communicated to you. regards,mahindra
as per our recent telecon, your concern has been discussed and will be addressed.
sorry for the trouble .we have your contact details. our concern team will get in touch with you.
we would like to inform you that your concern has been discussed &amp; resolution has been already communicated.rgds,komal 
we would like to inform you that your concern has been discussed &amp; resolution has been communicated.rgds,komal 
your concern has been initiated by us under ref. no.1-142902588269 &amp; you shall hear on the same soon. rgds, richard
please suggest an alternate number &amp; convenient date/time to reach you as we were unable to reach you. rgds, richard
as i understand correctly,are you inquiring about the recharge or the benefits of the offer. please confirm. 
rgds, varsha d.
as per our telecon,your concern has been addressed and suitable resolution has been communicated.
hi prakash,
thank you for sharing your details. we'll get in touch with you soon. 
to know about our store locations, please click url 
we have replied you via dm.thanks-emir
&gt;&gt;  at airport duty free with seal only be allow to carry.thanks- mariya
&gt;&gt;staff during bag drop, so they're getting away with it. but technically, they're not allowed to be checked-in. thanks.
hi there, it is not advisable to bring as check in item as the risk to be broken is there,hope it clarify- thanks- anwar
hi prerak, the advise is actually correct. please get the sealed bag from the duty free shop if you wish to bring in bottled liquids.
sorry advice by only apply their policy. therefore we strictly not allow check in of said item. however for item purchase&gt;
article 8 ttp://
we sincerely apologies for the inconvenience caused, however based on airasia terms and conditions, &gt;&gt;&gt;
hi prerak, as we can see the screen shot is clearly from indiago which is advisable from their terms.&gt;&gt;&gt;
whos your favorite hero? #batman #wonderwoman #theflash #aquaman #cyborg  #jointheleague 
hope your concern is address by us.have a nice day ahead!
sorry for the trouble .we have your contact details. our concern team will get in touch with you.
as per our telecon,your concern has been addressed and suitable resolution has been communicated.
thanks for sharing your contact details. we will get in touch with you soon to assit you better. rgds, ganesh
please share the alternate contact number so that our team can get in touch with you. regards, sanket.
we are unable to establish any contact with you,kindly get back to us for any further assistance.regards,hitesh
we understand the wait has been long for you. please give us some more time &amp; we will get this sorted out for you. rgds,yogita
noticed your tweet. can you fill me in on what's happening? no account numbers, please. 
thanks, meghan; we were really excited about that. glad you were able to make your way out there!
looks frightful yet delightful, andr. you guys did an amazing job!
we loved having you there, michael; they already miss you.
a cocktail that changes colors? we're in. cody blaylock at #bacchusbar shares a recipe for his "hocus pocus": 
sorry to hear that. have her contact us for assistance. 
we can look into this! please dm your tracking number and delivery address.  
hello! could you please dm with the phone number associated with your lyft account? 
our apologies. please follow and dm with full name on reservation, details of concern and your email address. thank you.
we would love to have you in idea family. please dm your number, pincode, preffered connection. regards, mahindra
we request you to dm your number and pincode to assist you better.
hey eric! can you let us know what's happening exactly? we'll see what we can do /ns
whew! guess that means we're meant to be... 
i'm sorry you didn't receive your order. did our customer service agent provide a solution for you? 
please connect with our support team here: 
also, please don't provide your contact details as its personal info. our twitter page is visible to public.  
due to which we do not have an option to call you back, please use the link provided earlier to request a call back. () 
twitter being a public platform we do not have access to your order details. () 
further assistance. appreciate your understanding. () 
out to our team using the link shared earlier. () 
provide your details here:  
i'm sorry for the unpleasant experience. we'd like to change it. please ()
to you. please dont provide your details as we consider them to be personal information. our twitter page is public.  
we'd like to assist you with the issue, kindly provide your details through the link provided above and we'll get back  
i get your disappointment. however, we'll not be able to contact you over twitter. kindly reach () 
sorry for the disappointment. as mentioned earlier, please reach out to us using the link provided earlier for () 
we're unable to arrange a callback for you over twitter. please make a request using the link above and we'll oblige.  
we will consider this as feedback and ensure to pass it on internally for improvements. 
if the factors do not provide the feasibility of a guaranteed delivery, the option will not be available. () 
could you please confirm, if we've missed the estimated delivery date? 
did we happen to miss the estimated delivery date? 
we're sorry for the delay in the delivery of your order. please contact us here: 
select 'more order issues' &gt; choose from chat/phone/email we'll be glad to help. () 
please add an email address to your account and then continue to fill the form. appreciate your patience. 
i apologize for this. request you to share the details using this link: 
please log into your account using your mobile number and request a call back from us. we'll reach out to you and help. 
please write to us from here: 
we're unable to verify any detail over twitter, anjana. please respond to our email so we could take it from there. 
thank you for confirming. you should hear an update from us soon. keep an eye on your mailbox. 
we would love to help in any way. please provide your feedback here for review: 
sorry for the trouble, asmita. please follow the path mentioned here to connect with us: click on the link here: () 
i'm sorry for the trouble. could you tell us more about the issue you're facing while adding amount to your pay balance? 
i'm sorry for the trouble. please submit your details here: 
thanks. we'll check and revert at the earliest. 
you must have received a response here: 
i'm sorry for the stretch. we're working on this and we'll reach out to you soon with an update. appreciate your cooperation. 
and proceed as per the suggestion. ()
i see that we've sent you a correspondence. kindly check the same here: 
twitter being a social platform, we wouldn't be able to check the account info here. kindly reply to the email sent by us. 
you can ask alexa, and it would play the song for you :) 
i'm sorry about that. could you confirm sharing your details in the link shared earlier? 
i get you're upset. however, we'd like to get this sorted out, please share the details and we'll reach out to you. 
im sorry for the hassle. please drop in your details here: 
apologies. kindly let us know, where did we go wrong. we would like to make things right for you. 
we want to help but we need more information. can you tell us more about what device you're using? 
i'm sorry to hear this. please try these tips and let us know if it improves: 
here to help! please send us a dm with your email address and more details about this fare so our team can connect.
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
here to help! please reach out to 
we've followed up via dm!
here to help. send us a note at 
here to help! send us a note here 
sorry for the trouble! send us a note here, 
we hope everyone is ok. please dm us your email address and additional details so we can follow up immediately.
we know how precious your memories are, and we'll help any way we can. which ios version is running on your iphone? do you use icloud photo library? meet us in dm with details, and we'll find a solution together. 
we're happy to help you out here. let's meet up in dm, and we can work together. please let us now a few more details about the issue as well as the type of mac and your current country as our options are a little different around the globe. 
hmm. can you dm us your account's email address? we'll see what we can suggest /gs 
hi! just to confirm, have you followed the steps at 
hello. i'd like to help with your service issue. please send a dm with your full name, address and phone number.
hello, thanks for reaching out about your billing concerns and i'm happy to help. can you please dm the full address? ~at
address, and account number so i can assist further with this issue. thanks!
i understand your frustration and i'd like to look into your internet concerns. please send a dm with your full name,
we'll do everything we can to help you figure out what's happening. to start, what type of device are you using? along with that, please confirm which version of the operating system is currently installed. send over those details to us via dm. 
certainly not what we want you to experience. we'd love to look into this with you and help resolve ensure your iphone is working 100% as expected. please dm us and let us know which iphone and the exact version of ios you're using. 
hi, cj! thanks for reaching out. are you currently experiencing xfinity service issues?
hello, i'm sorry to see that you feel this way and i'd be happy to turn that around. can you please dm the full address? ~at
hello, thanks for reaching out about your concerns and i'm happy to help! can you please dm the full address? ~at
hello, let me do some research on the account to see what is causing this problem. please dm for assistance, thank you.
hi! thanks for reaching out. please dm your full address so i can help with the xfinity on demand concern.
jennie! thanks for reaching out. send me a dm 
we know how important it is to stay connected, we are here to assist as needed. 
hey there, willie! your wish is our command! please send us a dm!
thanks for stopping by. what did you get in your bowl?
mmmm  sounds delicious. i like your style, my friend!
that's incredibly upsetting. please provide more details here: 
i mean, that's the only way to spend halloween imo.
i'm so sorry about that. we appreciate you stopping by, though.
lookin' good! and i'm glad we could help.
ha! i love it.
let's work together to figure out the best path forward with your new ipod touch. what type of computer would you be connecting your ipod with? along with that, tell us which version of the operating system is currently installed. send that info via dm. 
oh my goodness  i love this! nicely done, my friends.
you're welcome  we appreciate you stopping by.
that's very concerning. please provide more details here: 
sorry for any disappointment. please see this link for a list of channels we do offer onboard: 
what the fork? sadly, this is one of our "rolling 5" shows: 
sorry for any unexpected charges! please call us from the # on this page so we can take a look: 
i'm glad we have that scheduled for you. please reach out to us if you need any further assistance! 
sorry to hear you're having issues with your service. if you'd like to dm us your phone number, i would be happy ... 
i apologize for the inconvenience. i will be glad to assist you. can you dm me your name and acct # or phone #?
i apologize for the inconvenience. i will be glad to assist you. can you dm me your name and acct # or phone #?
good evening. if you would please dm your account or phone number, i will be happy to look into this for you. 
i apologize for the inconvenience. i will be glad to assist you. can you dm me your name and acct # or phone #?
hi there! the world series is on fox. if you need the channel information please provide me with your zip code an... 
hi there! the master account is the one that have to change the parental control: 
what is the error code or message you receive? please provide us with more details.
thank you for clarify, are you getting an error message or an error code?
let us know more details!
hi there, check the parental control settings before trying to upload information. more details here: 
hi! please discuss this issue at our peripherals forum here: 
issues with your dualshock 4? find troubleshooting steps here: 
james, is the router near the window?
can we try connecting a computer directly to the modem then pushing the modem's reset button to see if that works?
 me a dm with a good contact number so that we can set up an appointment. (3)
 this does not appear to be possible, i'd like to schedule a tech visit to further investigate. please send (2)
 ideally we like to bypass the router and test connectivity straight from the modem to a pc/laptop.  since (1)
oh no! we'd don't want you to feel this way. how can we help? what issues are you having with your services?
oh no! we want to help. are you connecting over a wireless or a hard wired connection? thank you.
hi brandon, thank you for your assistance. i see someone is working with floejisan.
hello, make sure to report the videos, we appreciate you reaching out to us.  
beautiful photos! thanks for sharing.
our reservations team is ready to assist you  at (800) 252-7522
if it is on the web you can log in via gogo inflight and watch it.
request you to share screenshot of the messages from hdfc, so we will assist you further.
regards, shruti 
hi, see dm. 
we're sorry for the wait time! please dm us your contact info and store address. thanks!
please dm your account email address.
hello! can you dm your account email address?
hello! sorry for the issues! can you dm us and we can further assist?
status for computer vision api in west central us looks good currently: 
are you still seeing this issue? let us know. we're here to help. 
are you still seeing this issue? let us know. we're here to help. 
are you still seeing this issue? let us know. we're here to help. 
unfortunately i cannot seem to dm you, are you able to dm us?
oh...that's a problem. thank you for bringing this to our attention @119872, we will get the webpage corrected as soon as possible.
we have replied you via dm.thanks-emir
lol!! sneaky guys aren't they! 
the number for the usps is located at the bottom of the tracking details on 
send an email to __email__ and don't forget to put a contact number. 
sorry the helpline is usually restricted to the business admin contact. you can call with your admin's line or do the e-mail. 
alright, you are welcome. 
got it. let's connect you to a google play music specialist to sort this out: 
hi gary, we'd like to help. share more details and we'll see what we can do. thanks!
if you have any additional questions or concerns please don't hesitate to reach out! 
that's concerning to read. please provide more details here: 
i love it! and you're welcome.
is that rosie? well played, my friend.
we're all about real ingredients, and are still working on the recipe. hopefully you'll give it another shot soon.
craziest day of the year!
we're sorry for your delay. we can take a closer look at the situation, please dm your record locator.
we can take a closer look. please dm your record locator and details.
we're sorry that's been your experience. please let us know if we can help in some way.
it does craig. we apologise for any inconvenience caused. we're working hard on reuniting you. 
hi craig, please can you let us know who was the final operating carrier? 
smooth sailing is what we always aim for, alissa. we look forward to welcoming you and your precious cargo onboard! 
we can't wait to welcome you onboard, thomas. thank you for choosing us! 
happy to hear reinstalling did the trick on your tablet! on your samsung tv, please work through these: 
gotcha. what brand of tv are you streaming on? do you see any improvement on the tablet after: 
hello, mary! we'd love to see how we can help, asap. what device are you using? notice any errors? try: 
no set date at this time, but we'll let our content team know you're eagerly awaiting more queen sugar!
i do apologize i am not locating an account with that phone number. do you have a separate number?
i apologize for the inconvenience. i will be glad to assist you. can you dm me your name and acct # or phone #?
you also may want to remove your phone number from the previous tweets as this is a public forum.
thank you for that information. have you tried any of the steps found here 
can you check your internet in 3-5 minutes?
i am sorry you are having issues with your internet. you can find helpful troubleshooting tips here ... 
if your need further assistance after completing the steps at the link provided please feel free to send your pho... 
sure thing. when the time comes you can visit this link 
just to calcify, are you speaking about the iphone x? is there a particular promotion that you are interested in? dm us to get started.
we are here to help! please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.. 
this is very concerning to hear. please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
hey there! that statement is really a concern to us. can you explain to us what is happening?
are you referring to your wireless or residential service?
are you using the my fios app? what message are you getting? 
try to uninstall and reinstall the app. 
we verified the website is working properly. please clear your cache and cookies and try again.
glad to hear your no longer getting that unavailable at this time message.
how were you to receive the temp password? 
does it register the mobile number associated with the account? 
is the payment currently due? 
understood, we need to verify what the issue can be. what error are you getting when trying to sign in? 
we haven't gotten any reports. what issue are you having? do you have a red internet light on your router?  
hello will. up to date outage info can be found at 
our pleasure. please let us know if we can be of further assistance. 
know more prime benefits here: 
i'd like to take a closer look into it. please fill in this form: 
was a pick up arranged on your order or were you asked to self-return it? please tell us more. 
sorry for the trouble while raising a return request. may i know if you have been asked to self return the item? 
prime customers will have benefits like prime delivery benefits, prime early and exclusive access deals. you can  
() for account security reasons, we recommend that you delete any account sensitive information from twitter. thank you. 
to the payment page that you have in your 2nd screenshot? we want to help in the best way possible, so pls let us know!  
you may refer here: 
to our team internally to work on it.  
please connect with us using this link here: 
you're welcome. appreciate your understanding. do keep us posted for any further assistance and we'll be glad to hep you. 
i'm sorry you had an unpleasant experience regarding the return. i would pass on your comments as feedback  
() we're here to help! when you have the time, please reach us by phone/chat here: 
we were unable to arrange a return, hence we requested you to cooperate and self-return the order for a refund.  
apologies for any trouble. wherever possible we do offer a return pickup to reduce customer effort. in this case as  
you'll not be able to connect the echo to your smart tv. 
i'm sorry about the error you're seeing! please try uninstalling and reinstalling the app. let us know how it goes. 
could you please elaborate your concern about the fulfillment center so that i can assist you accordingly?
please share your details here: 
this doesn't seem to be right. apologies for the delivery issue. this isn't what we intended. () 
please don't provide your order details, we consider it to be personal information. our page is visible to the public. 
we'd like to help with that. kindly drop in your details using the link provided above and we'll reach out to you. 
when you sign up for a prime free trial, we send an authorization to your bank. here's more info: 
we apologize for the trouble! our team has recently responded via email. if you have further questions, please let us know.
thank you for reaching out. we've received your dms and will be following up shortly.
we've received your dm and a member of our team has reached out. please review your messages for our response.
here to help! connect with us through 
so sorry about the trouble! please send us a dm with your email address and more details so we can connect.
hi there! please reach out to 
here to help! send us a note at 
here to help! send us a note here, 
to do this can you dm the street name/postcode and time of the incident? ty  
hi robert, i'm sorry for my colleagues behaviour. i'd like to have this fed back to the grocery management team. 
if you could let me know what you are looking for daniel i will be happy to look into this for you? ty
hi daniel :) yep! our christmas range is in store now with the full range of products hitting shelves soon!
hello. i'd be happy to help with your service issue. are you still experiencing issues with your coverage?
hello, thanks for reaching out about your concerns and i'd be happy to help! can you please dm the full address? ~at
if you still need assistance with your internet service, please send a dm with your info. i'm happy to help.
hello. i can help with your service issues. please send a dm with your full name, address and phone number.
please send a dm with your full name, address, and account number so i can assist further. thanks!
i completely understand your frustration and i'd like to look into the internet issues you're experiencing.
hey, thanks for reaching out! dm me 
please meet me back in dm, i'd love to discuss this further with you. 
join me back in dm, and we'll make sure everything is squared away. 
that's incredibly concerning. please provide more details here: 
we've got you, fam.
that bowl looks amazing! nicely done. we appreciate you stopping by.
it's the perfect adult halloween imo.
no tricks here  only treats. thanks for stopping by!
sorry for the wait carlye. we're working hard on getting your bag out to you.
we do not have control over blackouts. if you are unable to view the game on that channel. try your local channels. 
oh no! not a fan of something in particular? have you already seen: 
pardon the interruption, folks. we're working to resolve the live playback issues asap. as an alternate for now: 
sorry! we don't have a timeline to share, but we'll express your interest. stay tuned to: 
the rest of my message. it is just me asking for the account information in a private message. 
i apologize for that, it should not have done that. i clicked on this as well, and it showed me our conversation.... 
i apologize for the issues you are having with the services. has this been addressed? if not, i will need the acc... 
hello, we are aware of the service interruption and working to resolve it as soon as possible.
sorry to hear you're having issues with your service. please dm your account info and i will take a look. 
hello, i am happy to look into your internet services. can you dm your account name and full address?
i'm very sorry this is happening! i would like to help. when you can plz dm your phone number and address to chat?  
good evening! i would really like to help with your cable tv services. when you can plz dm your phone number and address to chat? 
we'd like to make sure you're back up and running. please return to the secure chat link at your convenience so we can at least run some tests for you. 
we apologize for the delay greg. we appreciate your continued patience. 
what service do you have at home? fios or dsl high speed internet?
we're glad to hear you're happy with fios service! please let us know if do you have any issues with it. 
we can certainly help troubleshoot the business lines as well.  do you already have a ticket put in for it to be corrected? 
we will continue to track that issue for you. apologies for the delay. 
please come back into chat via the link from yesterday so we can continue. 
hi there! we saw your tweet and would like to assist you. please send us a dm and follow us to further assist you..
no problem. we're for you.
hey there! we will be more than happy to have you join the sprint family. visit the link provided to see how, 
thanks for the feedback, well share it with our app developers. 
our current app should function with iphone x, please let us know if youre having a specific problem. 
hi, there. we're sorry to hear about this. can you dm us the phone number associated to your account? 
are you seeing times that are not good for you justin? 
please follow and dm so we can continue. 
please report this to our critical response line by tapping the 'call me' button at 
if this changes in the future, we will let you know via email or app notifications!
hi john! unfortunately, at the moment, we arent training new car seat drivers.
hola. la region de la tarjeta debe de ser la misma que la region de tu cuenta para que esta funcione.
hola ezequiel! recuerde que tenemos diferentes metodos de pago: 
recuerde que la region de su tarjeta tiene que ser de la misma region de su cuenta.
por favor siguenos en twitter: para ms instrucciones en mensaje directo.
we want you connected. do you get a red interent light after rebooting the router? 
is the internet light currently red on the router? 
let's check for outages in your area. click the link below to get started. 
have you performed a reset to the device by removing the power?
 we can take a look at this for you. could you dm us your full address and the primary name on the account.
hello, this does not sound good.  can you dm the account name and complete service address? we would like to help.
hi thomas, please allow us to review your account by sending us a dm with your full name and address.
hi, i can look at what happened with your connection. please dm us your street address.
what the broadcaster chooses to show on their channel. thank you. (2)
oh no! we do apologize for any inconvenience, but cox has no control over (1)
hi there! mind sending us a direct message 
i am so sorry that happened! could you send us a dm so we can look into that for you? 
we'll be glad to help you (without the scripts). please follow and dm us when you get a chance. 
our apologies as we broadcast the feeds that are provided to us.  
sorry to hear about the trouble. are you having the trouble with a live stream over the internet or live tv though a set top box?  
i am so glad we could take care of you.
looks like a great day to fly!
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
as checked outstanding is cleared on your number. rgds, yogita
morning monica, 24 hours a day!
no trains between #harwichtown and manningtree until 09:00 
please email more details to __email__ &amp; we will address.
ups, sieht die seite auch so bei dir aus, wenn du einen anderen browser verwendest? 
i'm so sorry for the delay. if you have a moment, please contact us by phone or chat here: : 
has the delivery date been updated on your tracking status? you can find that here:  
what is the current delivery date? has this passed? 
please contact us: 
i'm sorry it hasn't arrived! have we missed the date shown in your order confirmation e-mail here: 
have reported the issue to our support team here:  
please fill in your details using the link: 
thanks for keeping us posted. i'll be sure to share your comments on this as feedback with the team internally. 
apologies for the trouble with the delivery of the order. i'd like to take a closer look at this.  ()
i'm sorry for the unpleasant experience. this could be due to an incorrect tracking scan update. may i know if you  
please help us to improve by providing your packaging feedback here: 
i'm sorry you're not seeing the credit! many promos apply at checkout. you can learn more here: 
oje! melde dich doch gleich mal hier 
i'm sorry you didn't receive the refund amount you expected. please check here for more info: 
please connect with us here: 
sorry about the payment issue. this charge could be of prime subscription on 
we'd like to have a look into the same; hence the request. kindly reach out to our support team for further assistance. 
i understand your concern, unfortunately we cannot arrange a return as already mentioned. kindly self-return the order. 
hi ron! sorry to hear about the performance issue. we could help you get to the bottom of this. please send us a dm with more details here. we will look into this for you. 
here to help! connect with us through 
we're sorry to hear this. can you please send us a dm with your email address so we can look into this?
here to help! contact us here; 
here to help! for more info please visit; 
we apologize for the trouble! please contact us via 
we're here to help, kush! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
hi sian, can you confirm the store that you normally visit so i can take a look? kind regards :)
i'm very sorry about that. :( if there's anything else i can help you with, please don't hesitate to get in touch. thanks. 
hey sian, we've checked all surrounding stores and can't find this product stocked in any. i'm very sorry
hi sian, when an item is discontinued its either been stopped by the supplier or is a very slow selling line. thanks
hi sian, i hate to be the bearer of bad news but i'm afraid these are end of line, therefore no surrounding stores have them in stock. 
hi sian, is the label still on the clothing? if so can you please give me the numbers on the barcode? i can find stock for you.
your full name, address, barcode, price paid, date code, store visited and clear copy of your receipt? 
also the supplier code(sc), would it be ok to pass your details to our supplier? ty 
i would like to issue a refund for you and pass your comments to our supplier. can you dm some information? 
you're welcome! if you ever need help with anything else, just give us a... 
thanks for the info. sometimes content gets removed due to licensing issues. hopefully we'll have all of their stuff available soon /ar
hey! can you send us the spotify uri of the artist you're referring to? also, what country is your account set to? we'll check backstage /ar
hello, i am glad that it is resolved now. is there anything else we can assist you with?
hi there. what's the situation? please dm us with details. thanks.
we're happy to look into with you! send us a dm and we'll figure it out! 
delightful! we'll be here if you ever need us again! 
unlocks are my thing!! shoot me a dm and let's see what i can do!!
sorry for the delay, erik. we'll have you in the air as soon as possible.
how cool, brandon! we hope to see you on board soon.
hi rahul. please dm us your full name, email and postal address. we'll be happy to then chase this up for you. 
it's good to have you on board, mel. we hope you enjoy yourself on the very british airline. let us know how it goes. 
oh no, mel, we're really sorry your bag has been delayed, especially after such a good start. have you reported this at the airport? 
hello, i am happy to look into your internet. can you dm your account name and full address?
hi tisha! i would really like to help with your services. when you can plz dm your phone number and address to chat? 
thank you for replying! i would be happy to help. when you can plz dm your phone number and address to chat? 
i see, if you reconsider please let us know! happy to help. 
it means we have a label created but have not yet received the package.  you should be seeing scans tomorrow night. 
please dm us your tracking and contact number via the link so we can look into this for you.  
sorry about that. please dm us your tracking number &amp; contact info so we can see what's going on.  
let's investigate this further. what lights do you have on the router?  
great to hear, thank you for letting us know. if you ever need us again we will be here for you 24x7. 
our apologies as it may be maintenance. is the internet light currently red on the router? 
what lights are on the router? 
hello ricardo! please check your dms for assistance.
would you mind providing more details about the issue? we'd certainly follow up.  
please pen the thoughts here at 
hi, derek! help is here. may we know which version of you are using? 
hi there! have you tried resetting you router/modem and then power cycle: 
hi elisa, we're here to help. any travel credits that you have are automatically applied to qualifying reservations. 
we're sorry to hear about the cancellation. have you been rebooked already?
...accommodated onto a new flight. 
the aircraft that was scheduled to operate your flight received some damage after and encounter with some birds in a previous flight... 
...which made it not able to safely continue on its schedule into tomorrow. please let us know if you need assistance in getting... 
gotcha. it does look like that some of our retro items up for sale were/are for a limited time.
i am very sorry for the inconvenience.
it look like we did an airplane swap, we should have you on your way very soon.
i am sorry what is your flight number?
ok looks like we are doing an aircraft swap and we should have you on your way shortly.
i am sorry about your experience. can you give me your flight number?
one moment please i am asking for an update.
morning, m-pesa iko sawa. unapata tatizo gani? 
hi amir, appreciate you able provide us booking number? for us check further . thank you- mariya
 hi there,how may we assist you in here?
hi syed, we have assisted you via dm, kindly check your inbox. thanks-sha
hi yeo, appreciate you able provide us the booking number ? for us checking further. thank you- mariya
noted on this. you seem all set for your travel then, wish you an amazing flight :)-sha
hello @117128, kindly assist with stated issue. thank you. .
hello @117128, kindly assist with stated issue. thank you. .
hi, allison. can you dm us so we can help? 
hello! could you please dm with the phone number associated with your lyft account? 
hi dnamag, please dm us your information and we will be in contact right away. thanks doordash
thanks for this message. sorry for the trouble.  please dm us with your email address &amp; we'll reach out right away!
the email address you have provided is not the one associated to the doordash account. please dm us with your email address
hi the email address you have provided is not linked to an account. could you please dm us with the correct email address?
hi kreme, so sorry to hear about your order. please dm us your info and we will get this sorted for you. thanks doordash
oh no! i'm really sorry to hear about this, please dm us your email address and we'll reach out right away!
apologies for the mix-up.id like to help you; please fill this form: 
thank you for confirming, we are looking into it and will get back to you soon with an update. 
please don't provide your order details, we consider it to be personal information. our page is visible to the public.
we've emailed you here: 
received your revert and we'll reach out to you soon. () 
the details are already escalated to the team and we are working on it. further, we've () 
are the packages sold/fulfilled by amazon or a third-party seller? that info can be found here: 
we've responded to your query here: 
please respond to our email or request a call back through the same mail so we could reach out to you. 
please don't provide your order details, we consider it to be personal info. our page is visible to the public.  
thanks for sharing, kamlesh. we'll check and get back to you at the earliest.
i just checked and we haven't received your details yet. kindly share your details () 
please respond to our email or request a call back through the same mail so we could reach out to you.  
i'm so sorry for the trouble. if you have a moment, please contact us by phone or chat here: 
we're able to contact the carrier on your behalf using the link  provided above. 
when did you contact us? if you've received a reply, what insight were we able to provide? 
unfortunately not. however, you can check the carrier website for more detailed tracking information. please keep us posted. 
that's really weird! have you contacted them to see if they could provide any insight? 
hello! i'm really sorry for the frustration. who was the carrier for the order? you can find that here: 
i'm sure you will soon receive a reply from our account specialist team with an update. () 
since your account is on hold even our hands as customer service are tied. () 
you can cancel your prime membership and receive a refund if you haven't used the benefits here: 
i'm sorry, this was never our intention. did you report this to our customer service team here: 
i'm sorry about the conflicting tracking update. kindly share your details here: 
sorry for the hassle. please report this to our support team here: 
if an account is put on hold a correspondence is sent to the registered email id. please check the same for more info. 
geht leider nicht: 
sorry for the trouble with the delivery. kindly drop in your details here: 
thanks for sharing your details. we'll get in touch with you soon. 
i get your concern, abhilash. cash back shall be processed as per the timelines shared with you. rest assured. 
please reply to the email for further assistance on it.  
as you have filled the details, you will receive an email correspondence from our team here: 
kindly reply to the email that we've sent. we'll check this for you. 
you can add your insight by writing back to the e-mail sent by our team. we'll reply to the same.  
i'm sorry for this experience. the resolution provided by our team over email is the best we can offer at the moment.  
kindly reply to the email sent by us for further assistance on this issue. 
that's strange. let me check this out for you. please drop your details here: 
that's quite a comment, abhilash. please elaborate your concern for us to assist you better. 
we're glad the order was delivered ahead of schedule! we'll forward your kind words with the customer service associate. 
please dm us your email so we can take a deeper look.
thank you for getting back to us. we're going to need more room. please send us a dm here; 
here to help! connect with us through 
here to help! send us a note here, 
here to help. send us a note at 
we're sorry to hear this was your experience. contact us via 
hey, virginia. thanks for the feedback about our boarding process.  
this is definitely not the service we strive to provide. i will be sure to share this with our cabin maintenance team.  
our apologies for the bad impression caused, bradley.  
thats 98 minutes too long! what's going on? we're here for you. 
apologies, we don't see any dms. we'll try sending one to you right now. 
with your full name, address, and phone number so i can assist with this issue. thanks!
i understand how frustrating it is when service is disrupted and i'd like to look into your concerns. please send a dm
ni nicos, thank you for reaching out to us. i replied to your dm and look forward to working with you. 
let's take a closer look at your order ricky. dm us 
i'd love to help. meet me back in dm, and we'll chat. 
we'd be glad to continue our chat in dm and discuss what's happened! 
we take this feedback very seriously and always work to improve. we're a dm away if you need anything else! 
do offer more flexible tickets. could you contact your travel insurance to see if they could help? 
this allows a full refund cancellation if any mistakes are recognised.  
we're sorry you remain disappointed, gellan. 
we can then set up a customer relations case to record your comments.  
we would be happy to call you to discuss this further, gellan. please dm us your booking ref, email address and contact number. 
if your ticket was a non-refundable ticket, you would only be refunded unused taxes, gellan. we do offer a 24 hour cooling off period. 
hi gellan, the cancellation policy is determined by the fare rules on the ticket that you purchase. we're sorry for any disappointment. 
i'm sure we'll take care of it. a hard case would be good for next time though, maybe? 
hi dweezil, we're very sorry, this policy was updated on the 25th october in our contact center and website.  are you still  2  
good morning kevin. if you would please dm your account or phone number for me, i'll be happy to look into this for you. 
sorry to hear you're having issues with your service. please dm your account info so i can take a look. 
great to hear. if you need any other assistance, please feel free to reach out to us at any time. 
good evening! i would really like to help with your internet services. when you can plz dm your phone number and address to chat? 
i'd be happy to look into this for you. can you please dm your account information so i can pull it up? 
i would be happy to take a look. please dm your phone number and address and i will pull it up. 
good morning david. if you would please dm your account or phone number for me, i'll be happy to look into this fir you. 
i apologize for the inconvenience. i will be glad to assist you. can you dm me your name and acct # or phone #?
we'd love to have you with fios. check out the promos we have for new customers at 
come on back. check out the promos we have for new customers at 
we understand, lisa! hope you have a good trip! 
hi matias. please keep an eye on the ps blog for news and updates: 
thank you! feel free to contact us for assistance in the future.
hi cutler, there is no information to share at the moment, stay tuned to our blog for updates here: 
hola. dejanos saber que consola estas usando y que mensaje o que codigo de error recibes
en este artculo podras encontrar algunos pasos de acuerdo al error e-8200012c: 
hello sounds like you may be having an issue with our service.  please dm your name and service address so we can help.
understood, if we can be of any assistance, please let us know.
hello, it appears you are not following us.  once done you should be able to direct message us.
hi carole, we can take a look at your connection. please dm your home address.
carole, thank you for the feedback. what issue are you currently having with your services?
carole, i can help! please dm your full address.
when was your travel?
do you have an alaska confirmation code?
oh i am sorry, you will need to contact american with the same information.
please send your mileage plan# a copy of your confirmation letter and at least one boarding pass to __email__
so very cute.
cutest costume ever.  #happyhalloween 
 hey judy, we'd love to help. kindly dm 
hello! can you dm your account email address?
we would love to help assist you with the suspension! dm us your phone number, and we will get the ball rolling for you! 
no lies here! we want to turn this around for you! dm us your phone number so we can begin to get to the bottom of this! 
awesome megan! please send your telephone number and address, and we'll take care of you. awaiting your reply! thank you.
we'll be happy to have you apart of our family! let us know if there's anything we can do to help you in your decision. thank you
is there any booking number to check? thanks-sha
our sincere apologies on late reply, lyn. kindly elaborate further about your concern in order for us to assist you. thanks-sha
hi mary, kindly dm us your booking number for us to check further :) anwar
hi hoon, we has respond via dm, see you there!- anwar
are you still seeing this issue? do dm the issue details, i'll be happy to help. 
team will be able to provide more information on this. 
hi kirit, please dm the email address provided at the time of registration and i'll get it checked. 
amazonprime reading
orders placed with us are basically shipped and delivered as per the estimates shared. kindly let us know if there was a miss. 
our twitter page is visible to public.  
internally to work on it. please dont provide your order/account details as we consider them to be personal information.  
prime customers will receive free standard delivery. () 
for some items, the option of one-day or two-day delivery may not available, in this case () 
i'm sorry you had an unpleasant experience regarding the delivery. i would pass on your comments as feedback to our team  
prime subscribers are eligible to get free one-day or two-day shipping. may i please know if the package was  
the result for the contest is out and here's the link: 
and we'll work on it. please dont provide your order/account details as our twitter page is visible to the public.  
sorry for the trouble you've had getting in touch with us. kindly drop in your details here: 
i'm sorry to hear about this. we'd like to offer real-time troubleshooting. please contact us here: 
we can't confirm your account details via twitter, so please contact jp customer service at: 
delivered after the estimated delivery date mentioned in the order confirmation email?  
we'd like to have a look into this. kindly report it here: 
i get your disappointment. id like to help you; please fill this form: 
unless the form is filled we wouldn't be able to offer any further insight in this case. thanks for understanding.  
for account security purposes you'd have to fill the form, for us to have a look into your issue and arrange a callback.  
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can assist.
we can take a look! send us a note via 
here to help! please send us a note at 
here to help! send us a note via 
happy to take a closer look. connect with us through 
happy to further assist you, jenna! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can connect.
we can take a look! send us a note via 
we'll take a look! kindly send us a note via 
here to further assist you! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
it's always a pleasure to have you with us!  
aw, you are our favorite too, areva! thanks for choosing us for your travel needs.  
are you traveling within the us?  
i am seeing a t4 at  6:39 pm followed by a number of t3s, then another but from this error it is showing the wrong date so i dont know if that was last night or sometime other. 
i do see the error between 2 dated . just relaying that it was not displaying the correct date. we can certainly assume that is what you noted last night. because the signal are out of range i will need to schedule a technician to come find out why... 
i do see the uptime at 9 hrs 59 minutes. i am seeing that 7 of your downstream channels are out of range and the other 1 is nearly out of spec as well. i am not seeing the report for the upstream snr. are you able to login and let me know what you see for the upstream snr? 
i understand, i was referring to before and after the t4. 
had you been able to run traceroutes or pings around that time? did you see degradation of speed around the time of the t4?
brian, i am double checking on this for you right now.  
hey! we've just sent a dm your way. let's carry on chatting there /nq
hey! fingers crossed we'll be able to have it soon, but there's info about spotify content here: 
hi, i can help with finding a solution for this tv issue. can you dm the name and address on the account ?-sean
that is great to hear! if you need any further assistance, please don't hesitate to send me a dm. we are available !
how can i help you tonight?
and the phone number associated with the account so i can assist with this issue. thanks!
i can definitely check on the status of your services. please send a dm with your full name, address,
sorry for the delay! just sent you a dm, julian! 
we can definitely assist you with that! send us a dm and we'll look into your upgrade options!  
send us a dm so we can give you more info on your down payment! we're here for you! 
we hear your painpoints! we definitely want to get you the phone you want. dm us and i can help you out right away! :) 
please have the customer reach out to us directly.
frreeeeeeddddooommmmm!
it looks like another customer mistyped the email address, which is why you received it. we apologize for any confusion. 
apologies. it looks like this is a known glitch. please dm us so we can provide further information.  
sorry for the trouble. please call our reservations specialists at: 1-800-435-9792 for booking assistance. 
sorry to hear you're having issues with your service. please dm us your account information so i can take a closer look. 
sorry to hear you're having service issues. if you dm us your account info, i'd be happy to look into this for you. 
thank you for reaching out. if you'd like to dm your account information, i can take a look further into this. 
good morning. if you would please dm your account or phone number, i will be happy to look into this for you. 
good morning. if you would please dm your account or phone number, i will be happy to look into this for you. 
i am sorry you are having issues with your internet. you can find helpful troubleshooting tips here ... 
good morning. if you would please dm your account or phone number, i will be happy to look into this for you. 
i am sorry you are having issues with your internet. you can find helpful troubleshooting tips here ... 
i appreciate your follow up. i would like to recommend speaking with our citibank india non-resident unit for additional options. they can be reached at 1 (800) citi-nri or (800) 248-4674 or at 
thank you for following up and i truly regret that we were not able to determine a solution to meet your needs. 
hi, since you are not able to deposit the us check into your india account via the citi india app you will need to go to the issuers bank while in the us to try and negotiate the check. 
we appreciate your feedback. please understand that we must credit your account on the date that your employer has specified. if you would like us to capture your concern, please dm to provide your ph# and best time to reach you between 9:00 a.m.:00 p.m. et.  
i regret that citi indonesia does not currently have their own twitter handle but we will be happy to take your contact information by dm (no account numbers) and ask them to contact you. they normally respond to our request within 72 bus hrs.  
thank you for reaching out. please dm your account information so i can take a closer look. 
i understand, i wanted to make sure that i at least offered assistance. we are here  if you need our assistance. 
i apologize for the issues you are having with the services. have the service returned? if not, i will look into ... 
hello. we are following up to see if you were able to get help. if you need us to call you, please dm us with your account type, country and best time to reach you between 9:00 a.m.:00 p.m. et. no acct numbers or pins. thanks!  
we're sorry to hear about that. can you dm us more details. 
hello! could you please dm with the phone number associated with your lyft account? 
please report this to our critical response line by tapping the 'call me' button at 
we're sorry to hear about that. can you dm us so we can look into that for you? 
we'd definitely value the opportunity to be your service provider. 
it would be our pleasure to have a billing specialist review the options available to you. 
it's our pleasure. please let us know if we can be of further assistance. 
understood as we have similar promos to entice new customers to switch. 
hi there! for refund info, please check the following link: 
let us know if you need any help! 
are you using any adobe product? please confirm. 
let me check if our expert can suggest something or might be they will follow up from their end. 
hi carol, are you publishing the video to facebook directly from premiere pro export option or to local drive &gt; upload? thanks. 
can you try publishing your video directly from ppro to fb? choose the h.264 format &amp; the facebook preset. let us know if that helps. 
hi carol, thanks! we've passed this info on to our expert- they will review and get back to you asap. 
sorry to hear that it didn't help! can you start a chat session with our support agents and get it checked? 
this question is best suited for our expertsat 
let us know if you need any help! 
let us know if you need any help! 
let us know if you need any help! 
let us know if you need any help! 
give us a shout if you need anything else. 
let us know if you need any help! 
let us know if you need any help! 
let us know if you need any help! 
would you mind providing more details about the issue? we'd certainly follow up.  
we have received your dm and will reply to it shortly. thanks for your patience.
we apologize for the delay and we've updated your case manager. she will be contacting you momentarily with more information. thank you.
hi, there. lyft has a strict zero-tolerance policy, for both drivers and passengers. do not bring drugs/paraphernalia into a lyft.
you asked what i meant by passenger loadings and so i listed some of the many reasons as to why trains may take a little longer at stations. i'd like you to contact us through one of our official contact methods should you need further info 
no john, as i have said, i can't far as i can see the delay is due to passenger loadings-a busy service, slower boarding times (not just wheelchairs as you are suggesting) should you wish to complain our contact details are on the website :-) thanks again!
the previous working to the train you were on picked up 7 minutes delay you be interested in exactly what points during that journey the delays happened you can see on this webpage, i do not have any further specific info for you :-) 
it wasnt at one station it was along the way.
yep, we do. sometimes it will take longer. sometimes there may be more passengers meaning longer to board, there may be pushchairs, wheelchairs, other customers who require passenger assistance to board the train. we cannot account for every eventuality :-)
the previous service to the late 0857 kid was 07:08 from leamington, this had a 7min delay by the end of service at kiddy to passenger loadings along its journey. this impacted the next service from kidderminster.
sure, the information is not available to me currently but we will find out.
i have not been made aware of  an explanation for the delay i am afraid for the delay caused to your journey.
apologies i can see the trains previous working was late the hold up.
we could not reverse since the wrong recipient has already utilized all the funds.make use of hakikisha to reduce errors.
kindly follow up with recipient for refund or report to police.
it then becomes a police case, report for follow up.
as per telecon your concern has initiated by us under ref. no. c1-101429233324  &amp; you shall hear on the same at the earliest.
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
we are sorry to see you go. dm us your contact number and elaborate on your concern so we will surely address it. rgds,pradnya 
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
good day to you. how may we assist you? thank-sha
hi there, we has respond you via dm, see you there!- anwar
you girls rock! stars in the making. -sabi
winner!  what a great way to end the day. 
apologies for the frustrations. were you able to get the support you needed? tell me if i can be of further assistance. 
to limit our direct marketing to you by mail or telephone, call 1-888-528-8460, our menu will guide you through your choices. 
i saw your tweet. if you need help with using the mobile app, let us know. 
sorry about that! can you reach us here again, please:   
please send us your details here: 
we'd like to look into options. please contact us by phone or chat here: 
i understand your concern regarding the delivery of the package. kindly reach out to us  
i'm sorry but i'm unable to comprehend your issue. can you please elaborate. 
we'd like to have a look into this. kindly report it here: 
pricing and offers are decision of the sellers. the constantly changing marketplace 
provide your order details, we consider it to be personal information. our page is visible to the public.  
i understand your concern, kindly contact us here: 
i'm sorry, we never intended this. please reply to the email here: 
we've emailed a correspondence to you. kindly check it here: 
we've already sent a correspondence to your registered email id. please check it and reply us with your concerns. 
kindly reply to the email that we've sent. we'll investigate this further. 
please don't provide your order details, we consider it to be personal information. our page is visible to public. ()
this feature, as of now isn't available. it will soon be available. kindly stay tuned! 
in order to stream music from amazon prime music on the echo devices, the customer has to be an amazon prime member. 
you can check this on alexa app. 
amazon prime music is one of the music streaming services available exclusively on echo devices starting .  
oh no! i'm sorry your package arrived empty! was this order shipped by amazon or a third-party seller? 
please reach out to us by phone here: 
have you heard back about the investigation, yet? please let us know! 
thanks for bringing this to our notice; we'll check and forward this internally for review. 
awesome! happy streaming 
we'd like to look into this for you. could you please let us know the name of the series and the episodes which shows as unavailable ? 
i am sorry to hear that, aletta. what notifications do you get on the previous days the order was meant to be delivered? 
thanks for the information! who is the carrier of the package? you can find that info here: 
thanks for confirming, aletta! please contact us here: 
here to help! send us a note at 
for more info about sale of alcohol in ubereats, click here; 
hi, russell. we've gone ahead and followed up with your support inquiry. please review our response in-app or via email.
here to help! follow up here; 
here to help! connect with us through 
our team is reviewing your email now and will be in touch. we appreciate your patience!
here to help. send us a note at 
welcome back! thanks for traveling with us again. 
hey, sounds good! hope you're enjoying. 
address, and the phone number tied to the account so i can look into this cable issue.
please dm us the phone number and address on the account if you're still experiencing issues.
hi, i understand how frustrating it is when service is disrupted and i'd like to help. please send a dm with your name,
please dm us if you're experiencing any connectivity issues, we're here  to help.
hello. i'd be happy to help. can you please send a dm with your full name, address and phone number?
and the phone number associated with your account so i can assist with your concerns. thanks!
hello, i'll be happy to check on the status of your services. please send a dm with your full name, address,
number and name on the account, and i'll look into this for you?
hello, i have responded to your dm, please review &amp; respond at your earliest convenience. thank you.
hi, i can help with the speed issue. can you dm the name, address, and phone number on the account to us?-sean
hi, i can check into this issue for you. can you dm the name and address on the account so i can look into this for you?-sean
hey, there. have all of your issues been resolved?
hi, brynne! i can help with the xfinity service concern. please dm your full name, address, and phone number.
lets figure out what's going on maria, dm us! 
thanks for sending us the dm! meet you there soon to go over order! 
do you have a description of the crewmember?
thanks for the info david. we'll pass this on to our team so she gets the recognition she deserves.
we've got the best in the business and our #aateam loves taking care of everyone! thanks for letting us know how great she is.
we certainly appreciate the feedback, sinbad. we'll make sure it's fed back to our catering team. 
we apologize for the inconvenience in the interim. () 
i'm sorry to hear that, j. have you had any luck logging in via computer or your mobile browser? 
good evening! i would really like to help with your services. when you can plz dm your phone number and address to chat? 
2) have you reached out to our loyalty team about your rate?
we do apologize for any inconvenience. our loyalty team will be happy to discuss all of these issues with you. thanks
 1) george, we do strive to provide the best value in each of the services that we offer, to all of our customers.-karen
you will see the change in your monthly statement. please log in to your account to access your past statement.
i've replied to your dm.
i am sorry about that.
i just confirmed with our dispatch no swat was involved. this was due to a mechanical and a pet on board. you should be off soon.
i'm sorry. have a great trip.
 share the details as earlier advised via sms to 333 (free) and we'll look into it. 
hi,is the use of your name done via social media or sms?share details via sms to 333[free] for us to follow up.
sorry for the trouble. please dial # to stop flash messages. rgds, yogita
we tried reaching you on the provided contact number but couldn't get through. 
sorry for the trouble .please share your convenient date and time to call you for solving your issue asap.
let's work together to sort this out. which ios version is running on your iphone? does restarting seem to help, even if only temporarily? when you play your songs in the apple music app instead of the lock screen, does it show how much time has elapsed? dm us here: 
we know how much we rely on our ipad from surfing the internet to sending emails to watching movies. we'll be happy to look into your situation. can you dm us if the device turns on at all? does it boot to an apple logo? 
sorry for trouble. we want to inform you that, your concern has been addressed and suitable resolution has been communicated.
we forwarded your concern to the higher authority, we will contact you soon, please bear with us some time. rgds,pradnya
apologies for the inconvience caused to you.as your complaint is in progress,request you to bear wtih us for sometime.
we want to inform you that, the day you recharged the validity for 2 days and when you check in app validity was different. 
as checked you been credited complete benefits of rs19 for 2 days as already informed from our side. regards, shruti 
as checked you had recharged with rs.19/- on date /2017 and got 75 mb 3g/4g data for 2 days on same date. regards, vicky
sorry for the trouble caused.as checked your complaint was raised and resolution was given.
apologies for the trouble. please dm us your idea number to assist you further.
hi dayana, we do resend itinerary to __email__, can you please check your email. :) have a good day
hi jo's, we don't allow cancellation as payment made is non-refundable, but may we have your booking number?
hi jo, you may however request for an airport tax refund via 
oh, sorry about that. maria. hope you have a great day. take care!
hey there. let's see what we can do about locating your photos and making your device perform as it should. please send us a dm and tell us which iphone model you have, and the version of ios you see under settings &gt; general &gt; about &gt; version. 
thank you for reaching out to us. we'd be happy to try everything possible to provide the best support options. first, let's work as a team as we gather more information. dm us if you noticed any changes before the screen went black. what ios is the device running? 
indeed that is very helpful. we'd like to gather more information from you. please click on the link to continue this conversation in dm. 
all inconveniences regretted. we've got you covered always.  .
your line has been worked on. please restart your device and revert to current status. all inconveniences regretted. thank you. .
hello @117128, kindly assist with stated issue. thank you. .
hello @117128, kindly assist with stated issue. thank you. .
hello @117128, kindly assist with stated issue. thank you. .
oh, dear! can you send us a dm with your phone number so we can help? 
thanks for the photo, and for reaching out to us. we'll do all we can to get your apple watch up and running for you. 
we'd like a few details from you in order to assist. please meet us in dm so we may ask some isolation questions, and resolve your issue. 
we can look into what's happening with the flash on your iphone. how long have you been seeing this? does a restart help? which version of ios are you using? you can check that in settings &gt; general &gt; about. let us know in dm and we'll work from there. 
that is not the experience we want you to have. let's work as a team to get the iphone up and running. first, we will need to gather more information. please dm us the ios version and what was happening before the device began restarting. 
umm.. creepy, not sure. the offer was rolled out keeping in mind the benefit of our existing customers. enjoy! 
i'm sorry about the hassle. please drop in your details here: 
i'm sorry about the installation issues. have you reported this to our team here: 
we have missed on the estimated delivery date ?  
im sorry about the issue youre facing with delivery. let us look into it. ()
we're working on it, saurabh. we'll get in touch with you soon. 
we've sent you a correspondence, kindly respond to that for further assistance. 
it has been sent to your registered email address, please check and revert. 
please share your details here: 
you should have received an email from us. in case, you haven't received the email,
sorry about that! could you kindly confirm if you have filled in the details with the link provided earlier? 
thank you for sharing the details. we're working on it and we'll get back to you soon with an update. 
we've responded to you via email, saurabh. please reply to the email sent for more information. 
we've escalated your issue and we're waiting for an update from our concern team. we've responded to you () 
our team is currently working on your issue and will be resolved at the earliest. ()
i get your disappointment. as informed earlier, we've escalated the issue and will get back to you with an update soon. 
i get you being upset. as mentioned earlier we will get back to you at the earliest possible. 
for further assistance, reply to the email that you received from us. ()
thank you for confirming. please be assured we'll get back to you at the earliest. 
apologies for the unpleasant experience. kindly share your details here: 
our twitter page is visible to public.  
please dont provide your order details as we consider them to be personal information.   
we regret the inconvenience. could you please let us know if we have missed on the estimated delivery date?  
please don't provide your account details, as we consider it to be personal information. our twitter page is public. 
i'm sorry for the delay in delivery. please fill this form: 
thank you for providing the details. we're working on it &amp; we'll get back to you soon with an appropriate resolution. 
please don't provide your personal information. our page is visible to the public.  
we've sent the correspondence to your registered email id. kindly check and reply with your concerns. 
please don't provide your details, we consider it to be personal information. our page is visible to the public. 
as informed you earlier, please reply to our correspondence with your concerns and we'll get back.  
please reply to the email correspondence for a better insight. () 
due to restricted access to your amazon account through twitter, we shall not be able to provide any update here. () 
please don't provide your order details, as we consider it to be personal information. our twitter page is public. 
you have reached out to us by tweeting. as we cannot check your order details here, kindly connect with our support team. 
request you to wait till estimate delivery date for an update. i'm positive that the order will be delivered accordingly. 
hey, did you try and change your password first? do you have access to the email address associated with your account? 
the second generation echo will work in india. 
please connect with us here: 
and reply for further assistance.  
apologies for the ordeal bhakti. please share your details here: 
allow our support team to look into this. you can connect with us here: 
i apologize for this. may i know if you've connected with our support team regarding this? 
we have sent a correspondence to your registered email id. request you to check  
happy to further assist you! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
here to help! at this moment, we don't offer phone support. visit this link 
here to help! send us a note at 
thanks for your patience! requests are responded to in the order they're received. we'll follow up with you soon to help with this.
sorry for the trouble! send us a note here, 
here to help! send us a note at 
we're here to help, avtansh! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
we've followed up via dm!
happy to further assist you. can you please send us a dm with your email address and additional details?
here to help! send us a note here, 
hi there. please check the troubleshooting steps in the next link: 
hi there! please let us know the exact error code or message that you receive when you try to redeem the code.
we have sent you a direct message via twitter with further instructions.
hi james. sorry for the earlier cancellation. the next one due to run is the 06:43. lewis
apologies for the problems of late. lots of work is being done to address these issues. it should improve soon. lewis
we don't have a scheduled timescale i'm afraid, once these carriages are available they will be in use. apologies for the busy conditions.
hi nadelle. the 05:05 service is a train. lewis
hey you can look into the call of duty: wwii deluxe that comes with the season pass. 
(4) also, dm us the system service tag along with registered owner's name. to find service tag: 
can you send us a dm with the service tag? it should be on the bottom of the system. 
hi, we have shared the driver link via direct message. 
and reopen the lid to check if the issue reoccurs on external display. (3)
apologies for the inconvenience caused this morning, this was due to the train being late from the depot. 
hi warren, i can see that the 0624 guildford to waterloo is planned to run, although it has been cancelled between haslemere &amp; farncombe 
apologies for the typo, this would be for this coming weekend, saturday 4th and sunday 5th.  
 hi titus, did you receive from a registered m-pesa customer? if so, visit any m-pesa agent with the sms to receive cash. 
you are welcome. good day. 
you are most welcome. 
sam, we have reset your line. restart device and test.
we understand the wait has been long. please give us some more time &amp; we will get this sorted out for you. regards,sneha.
we understand the wait has been long for you. please give us some more time &amp; we will get this sorted out for you. rgds,yogita
as checked there is no port out request on your number. rgds, yogita
we wish to inform you that we are working on your concern &amp; we will get in touch with you shortly.
we have forwarded your issue to our concern team, we are looking into this and we will call you soon with an update.
we wish to inform you that we are working on your concern &amp; we will get in touch with you shortly.
we are working on this to get it resolved at the earliest. please bear with us for some time.
you can check the status on my idea app- 
as checked your waiver request(c1-101068860912) is still under progress.
please bear with us as it is taking a bit longer than usual. we will sort this out at the earliest &amp; update you.
sorry for the trouble. please wait as your concern is under progress. rgds, yogita
hello tolulade, you will get 100% data (24gb will be credited) for 1st subscription. so
saw your tweet. i hope i can turn your feelings around. let me know what caused you to feel this way.  
good morning, please text cancel to 127 to deactivate auto renewal. however, revert with your number for status update. so
please visit 
hi! no issues we are aware of. are you getting any errors on screen? 
please report this to our critical response line by tapping the 'call me' button at 
our apologies. please follow and dm with your hilton honors number, full name and email address. thank you.
did you contact us before travelling so we could let you know how you'd be charged?
 how do the charges appear on your bill, dale? if you've travelled to australia and have o2 travel enabled, you'd be charged a set fixed rate of 4.99 for an allowance of calls,texts and data. more info here: 
 hi dale. we hope you had a great trip. we're constantly reviewing the packages we offer to be as competitive as we can be.
hey, what's up? 
sorry to hear that you feel this way. please report it to an agent with access to your acc here: 
hi, you may check it here: 
winners of the app jackpot will be announced on november 3, 2017. you can find the list here: 
you must have received a correspondence from our team, request you to check the same. 
kindly revert to our email correspondence with further query on this and we'll be happy to take it over from there. 
thank you for confirming that you've responded to our email. we'll definitely get back. request you to wait till then. 
as informed earlier, request you to respond to the email you've received from our team for further assistance. 
if you have received an email from our team, i request you to please reply to it with your query and  
we can't access your amazon account over twitter. kindly share the needed information over the secure link shared. 
i understand that you're upset, dharmesh. could you confirm, submitting your details using the link shared earlier? 
we'd like to take a closer look into this. please reach out to us here: 
we can't see your orders from here unfortunately but if you use the link  sent we can help :) 
hi, sorry to hear that, delays happen for unforeseen reasons, were you emailed with a reason for the delay?
sorry to hear that. we'll be happy to look into that for you. please reach out to us here: 
sorry for the trouble using amazon pay balance. kindly report this to our support team here: 
glad the issue was resolved. thank you for keeping us posted. 
please fill in your details using the link: 
request you to reply to the email correspondence which we have sent to your registered email id. we'll look into it. 
kindly check the mailbox of you registered email id. you'll find an email correspondence from us. 
i can understand it would be worrisome. please be assured we'll contact you at the earliest. 
we've received your details and we'll get back to you soon. 
i'd like to take a closer look into it. please fill in this form: 
sorry to know about the delay in resolving your query. i'd like to take a closer look at this.  ()
also, as this a social medial platform, please don't provide order details. we consider it personal information.()
have you reported this to our support team here: 
hi, how can we help you today? 
hi, sorry to hear that you're having trouble logging in. please contact us here:
please don't provide your order details, we consider it personal information. our twitter page is visible to public.  ()
please fill in your details using the link: 
apologies for the trouble with the delivery of the order. i'd like to take a closer look at this.  ()
here to help! please send us a note via  
hi there! send us a dm with your email address so we can assist.
let's look into that! send us a note at 
sorry for the confusion! you can use this link instead; 
we've followed up via dm!
here to help! send us a note at 
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can connect.
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
i see what you mean. i have resubmitted your ticket for credit. it should be posted within 7 days.  
hi, chris. is this the flight from amsterdam to sfo on the 23rd of september? 
hey! we can help out in english via twitter, but we also have indonesian support via email at 
hi, i apologize for the troubles during the move. can you please dm us the full address &amp; phone #? i'd like to help.
hey there shahrukh! send us a dm so we can ensure your order was processed. we're here for you! :) 
let's see what we can gather scott! dm us if you're a current customer or making the switch. we'll look your options. 
we're thrilled to start off november with you noemi! #enjoy
thanks for sharing such a great photo! 
thanks for your amazing post. we hope you enjoy your trip. 
if you dm us your full name, flight details, address and contact number, we'll find your booking reference, maria. 
now that would be telling, mick! watch this space. 
you're welcome mick. if you have any further questions or queries, we're here  and we'll reply as quickly as we can. 
please see the following link for more information this particular aircraft: 
unfortunately, this contest ended on 31 october, tina! 
yesterday this should still be counted. good luck!  
sorry tina, i think we thought you were still asking when we picked your tweet early this morning. as long as you submitted your entry 
hi robert, sorry to hear you're having issues. please dm your account information so we can take a look. 
great to hear! please reach out if you need any further assistance! 
sorry to hear you're having internet issues. please dm your phone number and address and i would gladly look into this for you. 
thanks for reaching out. you can submit requests for channels here: 
the first class lounge is open monday to friday : 06:30:00. 
 system and door locks which is currently awaiting for a fix so i'm afraid it won't be open today. sorry danny. 
there are not staff available to do this as the platform staff are needed for safety related duties. 
i've just spoken with coventry who have advised that it's currently closed  due to a fault with the intercom 
its the standard opening times as we havent been advised of a closure danny so provided this until you mentioned you had issues
is there something we can assist you with cheryl? 
i'm sure they'll do their best to respond to any queries you have as quick as they can 
you can send in a request using the following link for consideration. 
oh no! so sorry for any inconvenience this has caused. it could have been changed to keep you from misconnecting if you have a connecting flight, but i'd be happy to take a look at it if you provide your confirmation in a dm.   
hi kaetha, here to assist, please check your dm's for further instructions.
please check your dms again.
glad to assist! are you getting an error message or an error code? please let us know more details to better assist you.
we sure can! what can we help out with?
great question! you can review our offering with your zip code on our channel page. 
we'd like to help, please send us a dm by clicking here. 
here to assist! please check the information about pre-ordered games in this link: 
try to download it from the website 
in the console, follow the steps in the next link to restore licenses and check again:
hi yasir, sorry to hear that, please make sure you are following us, so we can assist you better via a direct message.
morning clare. apologies for the problems this morning. where are you travelling to? lewis
the issues this morning are due to track problems. really sorry for the problems your late arrivals have caused. lewis
it looks like we have a late airplane we should have an update at 1135
i was told you were boarding and we will have you on your way as soon as possible.
what is your flight number?
just a minute i am checking.
apologies for the inconvenience caused, we are awaiting a technician to attend the ticket machine. 
apologies for the cancellation this morning, this was due to the train being late from the depot. 
hi hannah, the train wasn't completely cancelled, it missed out some stations to avoid knock-on delays to following services 
hi,provide us with the m-pesa transaction id for assistance with the reversal.
 hello ali, kindly send and email to __email__ or __email__ and request for the paybill transaction reversal.
you're welcome. 
we have called and advised. 
sorry for the delay philmue, we are still following up on your issue we will advise upon resolution. 
hello! if we can be of any assistance, please dm us your account email address.
sorry you had to go through this. dm us your idea number and alternate contact details. rgds, yogita 
also, you can check status of your complaints in my idea app (
apologies for the trouble. we wish to affirm that your concern with has been discussed &amp; resolution has been communicated.
we are working on this to get it resolved at the earliest. please bear with us for some time. rgds, yogita
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
we would like to inform you that benefits has been credited to your account. []
sorry for trouble.but as informed earlier, we have provided the best possible resolution to you.regards,neha l
sorry for the trouble but it is the best resolution that we have provided. rgds, yogita
sorry for the trouble caused,the messages you are receiving are just a reminder to link aadhar with your number.rgds, pradnya
my idea store on this link  
to stop the messages kindly visit idea store for aadhaar linking. you can locate the nearest ()
request you to link your idea mobile number with aadhar at the earliest to avoid further inconvenience. rgds,pradnya 
could you direct message us with more information and we'll take a look. 
hi nahledge. once the booking is within 48 hours and checked in. booking split cannot be done .thanks-emir
yes correct as we don't provide any cargo service for pets- thanks
sorry but we do not carry pets/animal on all our flights siaw.
yes sure and we will do our best, thanks for your support!  thanks- anwar
you are most welcome sanjay! =)
dear sanjay, flight has been duly moved as per your request . check your email for the revised itinerary =) yana
&gt;&gt;system. appreciate you able dm us your case number for request request. thanks- mariya
as we can see case 163563 booking number gqg43e, said team already done progress refund to card  on 3 nov 2017. thanks-m
sorry for inconvenience and confusion, the case number you provided 106555 was similar to the case number generated by our &gt;&gt;
sorry for the delay, sanjay. the case is in progress and you'll be updated once it's validated and processed. thanks for your patience.-floi
please remove this tweet for your security and send us a dm with the order number and email address. we would be glad to help.
hi jose! we're sorry to hear about your experience. please dm us the number to your account so that we can take a look!
please report this to our critical response line by tapping the 'call me' button at keep an eye on our social media pages for further info on new releases
hi, our store opening times vary.
i'm sorry for the incorrect tracking update. kindly reach out to us here: 
please don't provide your order details, we consider it personal information. our twitter page is visible to public. () 
we apologize for the inconvenience. please share your details here: 
filling in your details wouldn't lead you to our support team, uday. please do the same, we'll reach out to you personally. 
when the product is out for delivery, it will be delivered before 8 pm. kindly wait until then. do keep us posted. 
we have missed on the estimated delivery date?  
i'm sorry about the delay in delivering your order. could you please let us know if  
what does the latest tracking update state on your order? 
you're welcome, aleema. do let us know if you need any further assistance. 
we've responded to your query via dm, please check. 
we'd like to check get this checked for you. kindly share your details here: 
please don't provide your order details, we consider it personal information. our twitter page is visible to public. () 
we don't have access to your account over twitter. please share your details in the link given earlier by 'gs'. () 
also, as this a social medial platform, please don't provide order details. we consider it personal information.
hi, please don't share order numbers here as this page is public. please contact us; 
w/o posting personal info, what is the issue with the orders? what was advised when you contacted? 
i'm sorry to hear that. what were you advised when you contacted us by phone/chat? 
please share your details from the link here: 
im sorry about the issue youre facing with delivery. let us look into it.()
sorry to hear that, from what amazon marketplace were you shopping from? .com, ., .es etc? 
apologies, have you looked into filling an a-z claim: 
hi please contact us here: 
i'm sorry for the trouble with your order. have you reached out to our support team from here: 
as possible. kindly drop your details here: 
i'm sorry to know the pick up hasn't been completed yet. i'd like to work on the issue and get the item picked as soon  
we don't have access to your account over twitter. please share your details in the link and we'll be sure to help you. 
i appreciate your understanding in this regard. we've received your details and we'll get back to you at the earliest. 
apologies for the inconvenience. have you tried reporting this to our support team here: 
in that case, please fill out this form: 
hi! your wife deserves a fully working device and i'd love to check out what's happening. send me a dm so we can work on this together to get this resolved. thank you! 
hello @120327,  kindly dial # and follow the prompt to view our shop locations. you may visit divine plaza ,103,  vulcanizer bus stop,akowonjo rd, egbeda. thank you. 
hello, please be advised to visit our shop with proof of sim ownership or affidavit for your swap request to be processed. kindly visit 
here to help! send us a note via 
sorry for the trouble! send us a note here, 
here to help! send us a note via 
we absolutely want to follow up right away. please send us a dm with your email address so we can connect.
here to help. a member of our team has followed up via dm.
don't get caught in traffic! the new 
here to help! send us a note here, 
happy to help. please send us a dm of the email address connected to your account and more details so we can further assist.
here to help. send us a note at 
we've followed up via dm!
happy to help! send us a dm with your email address and our team will follow up.
let's look into this, shraddha. please reach out at 
i see. we understand that if a buyer bids for an item is showing their consent to acquire it.any cancellation request will be treated as a remorse unless there has been an actual problem from your end: 
hi ben! a cancellation request can be sent to the seller, however since all bids are binding we expect buyers to follow through with the purchase. what was the reason for the cancellation request? let us know and we'll advise you further! 
we found there were better ways of tracking poor buying behaviors. if you have concerns with a buyer, please report them to us: 
good evening! give me a moment to look into this for you. 
please contact our on-line support team at 888-750-3284 for assistance with the app. 
hey chloe! we just replied to your dm. we'll carry on helping out there /kc
hi, i can check your internet connection for any issues. can you dm the name and address on the account to us?-sean
hello. can you dm us with your full street address, name and phone # on the account so we can look into this? thanks.
i'll see you in the dms. 
sorry for the inconvenience, samiey. what's your flight number? we'd like to pass along your feedback.
thanks for the info. we'll let the right people know.
enjoy your cuppa, john and have a great flight. 
good morning, hal! sorry for the delayed reply. could you please dm us your booking reference, full name, 
fare, which may be higher than what you originally purchased. we regret your continued frustration.() 
it will be back to full functionality within the next couple of hours. we appreciate your patience. 
please dm your confirmation number so we can provide that information for you.  
in the interim, please call us at the number provided for booking assistance. () 
we appreciate your feedback, as we're always looking to improve and hope for more favorable circumstances in the future. 
changing a reservation is equivalent to booking a new itinerary. all new reservations are booked at the available and applicable () 
we apologize for the inconvenience, chewy. that portion of our website is currently undergoing maintenance () 
good evening! i would really like to help with your services. when you can plz dm your phone number and address to chat? 
sorry to hear you're having issues with your service. please dm your phone number and address so we can take a look for you. 
please send us a direct message so that we can further assist.
hey there! to check updates regarding your order of your iphone x, you can visit 
oh no, what issue are you having? let us know, we are here to help. 
hola jonatan! como podemos ayudarte?
sorry to hear that! we have sent you a direct message via twitter with further instructions.
thank you for clarify this for us, please check your dm's for further instructions.
glad to help! sorry to hear that, please provide us more details, are you getting an error message or an error code?
hi there! please give us more details about the exact issue that you are experiencing.
hi john. our cheapest fares are released around 12 weeks in advance. if you can book early it's normally a lot cheaper. lewis
hi there. how's it going? please let us know if you need further assistance. we're here for you.
hi. we'd like to follow up on the status of your concern. feel free to reach us back if you need further assistance.
hmm. just to clarify, which windows version are you using? were there changes made to your device prior to this issue?
we suggest performing a clean boot by following the steps found on this link: 
hi there! were you able to boot up your device in safe mode? do you still need our help? 
can you try booting up your device in safe mode and see if youll have the same issue there. heres how: 
thanks for reaching out to us, lisa! we apologize for the customer service you've endured. let's turn things around for you at once. could we get you to check out our link to help you find your acct #? we'd appreciate this from you. 
hi, roderick. how's it going? please let us know if you need further assistance. we're here for you. 
hi there. how's it going? please let us know if you need further assistance. we're here for you.
hi, ryan. how's it going? please let us know if you need further assistance. we're here for you.
we'll do. were you given a case number after contacting our support? if yes, kindly dm it so we can look into it.
we suggest that you check if you set up your email correctly. visit this link: 
let's sort this out, ryan. could you check your outlook version? here's how: 
we hear you. for in-depth assistance, contact xbox support here: 
thank you for letting me know, i will pass this onto our fleet team. 
we have called and advised. 
hi, we have been unable to reach you. dm us as soon as you are available.
hello malvin, we have talked. kindly remain patient as we'll advise as soon as the reversal is completed.
hi,reversal was done yesterday and is awaiting completion,you will be advised via text once completed.
see dm please. 
we are still following up on your issue , kindly be patient .
apologies, you shall be contacted and assisted.
hi, please send us your domain name and contact number or call 400 from your line  for assistance . 
hi,you will need to liaise with old mutual to advise further.
hi damaris, the subscription is due after 30 calendar days from the subscription date 
make payments by 5th nov.
request you to dm your contact details so we can look into the issue. rgds,pradnya 
as checked, ussd was dialed from your end. now recharge was credited in your account, we can refund the same. rgds,pradnya 
we have your contact details. we will get back to you shortly. rgds,pradnya
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
hi abbie, i'm afraid we don't fly there directly, but you can always fly to atlanta and then get a connecting flight with delta? our sister company virgin holidays have some great packages too. 
hi there, we has respond you via dm, see you there!- anwar
sorry for the inconvenience, gauri. may we have the preferred move flight date and time?
please confirm your move to qz508 26nov17 dps-sin 17:35-20:15.thanks-emir
hi gauri, we have moved your flight as an order. please check your mailbox for updated itinerary . have a good day :)
our pleasure, aulia. take care and have a great day ahead! :)
we will assist you via dm, harpalsinh. :)
hi francisco, thanks for tweeting. which printer do you use and what is the issue with it? do you get any error on the printer? reply as a direct message so that i can assist you better. regards ^ sanal 
thanks for the shout out! looks like the pool-or-treat was s-pool-tacular. 
adorable! the perfect duo for a rescue mission.
awesome! #walmartfind 
late night shopping is the best!
have you spoken w/ a banker at 1-800-869-3557 to review the fee? visit 
hi alice, thanks for tweeting. which printer do you use? try to unplug the power cable and then plug it back in. also ensure that you place the paper aligned in the printer. let me know the printer model so that i can search for solution. reply as a dm. regards ^ sanal 
hey xten, i'm here to help! are you able to print anything else apart from the documents in pdf format. which application are you using to open the pdf file? what's the operating system of your pc? to better assist you, click on the option below and reply. thanks!  
hi shankar, thank you for contacting hp support on twitter. i'd be happy to help! what seems to be the issue? could you elaborate more? to better assist you, please click to send us a private message and i'll look into this. thanks!  
what's going on, nathan? 
hi daniel, pls visit 
i'll take this as feedback to be shared with the appropriate team. thank you for reaching out to us. 
hello @120394, we acknowledge your complaint. please be patient while we resolve the issue. thank you. 
hello @117128, kindly assist with the stated complaint. thank you.
hello @117128, kindly assist with the stated complaint. thank you.
hello @117128, kindly assist with stated issue. thank you. .
hello @117128, kindly assist with stated issue. thank you. .
hello @117128, kindly assist with the stated complaint. thank you.
hello @117128, kindly assist with stated issue. thank you. .
oh no! i'm really sorry to hear about this, please dm us your email address and we'll reach out right away!
hi ya, can you please dm us your information and we will surely look into this for you. thanks doordash
we'll be happy to see how we can help. which mac are you using this with?
please don't provide your order details, we consider it personal information. our twitter page is visible to public. 
sorry to hear this. has any reason been given for the delay? 
please reach out to us directly here: 
we apologize for the delay in the delivery of the order. please contact us here: 
you're most welcome. thanks for keeping us posted. 
please check this link here: 
thanks bill. i hope you get your issue sorted soon. 
now that's what we like to hear :) thanks bill! 
which amazon website did this happen on? 
we'd like to help you with your query. kindly contact our support team here: 
prime membership was being offered at an introductory price of rs. 499 per year. since the promotion has  
please don't provide your order details, we consider it personal information. our twitter page is visible to public. () 
now expired the membership will cost rs.999.  
couriers are assigned depending on the pin codes of the delivery address. kindly elaborate if you've any queries. 
you can update your payment methods by visiting the payment section in your account page. for more information, () 
sorry to hear that. what error message are you getting? 
my apologies christopher. have you tried from a non mobile device? 
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can connect.
we can absolutely follow up, dani! can you please send us a note via 
that doesn't sound right. can you please send us a dm and more info so we can look into this?
here to help! follow up here; 
here to help! send us a message here; 
not at the moment! but you can always share your referral code with friends so you can rack up free rides when they sign up.
sorry for the trouble! send us a note here, 
here to help! get in contact with your driver here: 
here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can assist.
here to help! send us a note at 
we can definitely take a closer look! please send us a dm with your email address so we can connect.
hey there, help's here! can you dm us your account's username? we'll see what we can suggest /mo 
hi, i can help with your picture issue. can you dm the name, address, and phone number on the account to us?-sean
hi, i can assist you with your account. can you dm the name, address, and phone number on the account to us?-sean
hi, i have replied to your dm. once you have a moment please respond there so i can assist you.-sean
hi, you can provide feedback within the myaccount app. if you need help with anything else please let us know.-sean
we're sorry for the frustration this caused. we're glad to hear you've been rebooked.
we're very sorry to hear this, peter. we'll certainly pass this on to the team in fiumicino. 
did our executive club explain why you were unable to book these seats, mark? 
ref, email and contact number. 
we appreciate how frustrating this is for you, mark. please dm us the requested details and we can look into this for you. thanks. 
seats are subject to availability and can change at any time, mark. wed be happy to check for you if you dm your booking 
please report this to our critical response line by tapping the 'call me' button at 
hi, there! can you send us a dm so we can help? 
 hi there. for refund info, please check the following link: 
si accesas a la cuenta que utilizaste para comprar la membresia tendras los beneficios.
recuerda que no necesitas pagar el servicio en ambas cuentas, compartiras los beneficios en ambas cuentas en el mismo ps4.
ten en cuenta que puedes activar tu cuenta como primaria solo en una consola a la vez: 
la membresia corresponde a la cuenta que se utilizo pa comprarla. mas detalles en este enlace: 
there should be staff in both trains so the shop should be open in your part too. is this not the case? 
which service is this on bekki and i'll check the details for you. 
morning damien. sorry you've been delayed. what journey are you making? lewis
hi shane. what type of ticket do you have? lewis
travelling via paddington will probably be quicker. heathrow express services are running. lewis
the 06:27 service from paddington is currently expected at twyford at 07:18, you should make the 07:22 to henley. lewis
hi andy. apologies for the delay. what service are you travelling on? lewis
we always try to give as much notice as possible. there's nothing to indicate that it maybe cancelled at present. lewis
morning jac. that service is currently due to run. lewis
hi casper, i apologize for any inconvenience. i can look into your connection issue. please dm us your street address.
 once you share the service tag, we will help you with the driver link for your system.
restart the system and check how it goes. you may send us a dm for any further assistance. (3)
from the public message. you may reinstall the amd drivers from this link: 
kiran, you can go to our support site 
old drivers from the system and then reinstall the same. just go to device manager, click on display adapters and there you will find the(2)
existing drivers. right click and uninstall the same. then restart the system and install the new ones. for further help, please dm. (3) 
we see that the system was shipped with linux and you are currently using windows 10. kindly delete the service tag(1)
it is our pleasure.
provide us a brief description of the issue so that we can advice you. 
 could you share the m-pesa transaction id received we check on it. 
hello frank, this transaction was successful on the mpesa platform. kindly get back to ecitizen for further followup.
...enter the sender name that you wish to stop 
..postpaid or # for prepaid&gt;my subscriptions&gt;marketing messages&gt;deactivate marketing messages&gt;(cont)
hi, please share your number so we can check and advise you on the way forward. also, deactivate by dialing# for (cont)
hi,dm the mpesa transaction code and your number for assistance.
give a brief of the issue via dm we check and advise on the alternative contact channel. 
hi, kindly confirm if we can use this as your contact number 0716** 
we will get back to you shortly.
hi pato, please clarify which service is this.
please share your number, name and id we check and assist. 
we've already been in touch.
hi william, please could you dm me with more information? 
hi andrew, a signalling issue at the depot caused this train to leave late 
apologies for the cancellation this morning, this was due to the train being late from the depot and consequently running extremely late 
we would like to inform you that there is no such offer activation reflecting on your number. rgds, yogita
we have noted your concern. our team will get in touch with you soon. rgds, yogita
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
please let us know any further concern, we will assist you better.
regards, shruti 
we wanted to check back in and see if the documentation provided has helped you? let us know!  
our standard check-in time is 3pm. if you are staying in the morning then you have to book for one night. 
hi sandipan, how may we assist you? :)
sure sandipan, we are always here to help =) .
correction done, sandipan. check out your mailbox for the revised itinerary! :)
you are most welcome. have a pleasant day :)
hi, pls call us from 8am on 0343 222 1234 using options 2 then 4. we're unable to assist via twitter with this sorry
hello coco, may we have the card serial number and your mobile number? please revert via dm. thank you. so
hello oladimeji, may we have the card serial number and your mobile number? so
please dial #122# to confirm 4x bonus. thank you. so
we apologize about it. issue has been escalated to the unit in charge for assistance. we will revert back to you. thank you. so
hello oyekanmi, text cancel to 127 to deactivate auto renewal. thank you. so
please restart the device and try your calls again. line has been refreshed. so
we apologize for any inconvenience. kindly provide your phone number, exact location, device type and error response so we can progress ee.
good morning, we empathize. however, you don't have an active data plan. please dial # to subscribe and connect. so
good morning, may we know the exact issue experienced for assistance? so
we are sorry about that. our resolution team is still addressing the network issue in your location. 
hello umoh, yesterday was free data. sms was sent to qualified customers. confirmation code is #122#. so
hello ucheodiaka, n1,000 was credited on your line and debited for data plan. so
we apologize about it. issue has been escalated to the unit in charge for assistance. we will revert back to you. thank you. so
we apologize. please provide card serial number. uo
hello ucheodiaka, may we know the recharge code dialed? so
morning, kindly provide your number for a quick check. ap
hi there, we're here to help. please send us a message and we can work on getting this sorted.
we are here to help. please send us a message and we'll get started looking into this for you.
hmmmm! potatoes are easier to do, but dumplings are definitely worth the effort!  
hey, us should ship to denmark, are you getting an error message? 
you can find the list of authorized seller's here: 
pls reach out here so we can check this for you 
currently, we do not have an update on this. please stay tuned. 
we send a limited number of invitations each week to customers, so keep an eye on your inbox. 
as informed earlier, we will forward your request. however, i request you to wait for it. ()
thank you for showing the interest towards our device. good things come to those who wait.  ()
hey, what is your reason for returning the items? 
please reach out to us directly here: 
you may request an immediate call back from us here: 
on 'call me' option and a call shall be connected with our support team.  
if you're unable to arrange a call back, kindly contact our support team using the chat/email option and we'll help you. 
apologies for the ordeal kaushal. please share your details here: 
sorry for the confusion. please reply to the email sent by our team earlier &amp; we'll update you on this. 
please click here: 
thanks for the update, we've received your reply to our correspondence. we'll get back to you at the earliest. 
could you please confirm if you have replied to the email sent by us. 
sorry about the stretch, kaushal. please reply to the email sent to you. once we receive your reply, we'll check &amp; assist.
i understand your concern for delivery. we'll get back to you on this soon &amp; corrected actions will be taken on carrier. 
sorry that you haven't received your order yet. id like to help you, please fill this form: 
have you reached out to our support team as suggested earlier? 
may i please know if you have filled your details through the link provided earlier? 
sorry to hear this. has any reason been given for the delay? 
we haven't announced any updates regarding this. please stay tuned. 
pls reach out here so we can check this for you 
ok, and were you given some information? 
please connect with us here: 
i have forwarded your comment as a feedback internally for a review. appreciate your understanding. () 
a has recently introduced the prime membership and we are trying to provide you the best possible offers. () 
both these websites operate independently and hence provide different set of offers with prime. () 
the cash load feature isn't available with amazon now orders currently, jigar.
hey rob, are you referring to delivery slots for a grocery order?
hi rob, thank you for getting back to us, the slots are released at midnight. ty
hey rob! i'm really sorry about this. have you checked again this morning at all? can you also dm me your name, home address and postcode and i will feed this back for you? ty
i'll reply to your dm shortly rob.
happy to help! send us a note here, 
here to help! please send us a dm with your email address and phone number so we can assist further.
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can connect.
hello! thanks for your patience. please check your dm for our reply.
hey, mun. it looks like a member of our team has been in touch through in-app support. please follow up there to view our response.
hi, we're sorry to hear about what happened. please send us a note directly so we may follow up with you on this: 
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can connect.
unfortunately we can't send you a mixer, but send us a dm we may be able to help with the ingredients #everylittlehelps
we look forward to seeing it 
well we do love a good brownie  have you ever made anything gravity defying? #everylittlehelps
wow! that's spooktacular!!! #impressed do you have any other specialty bakes?
fantastic! what cake did you make?
spooktacular rob!  we love it!
you're very welcome rob! be sure to tweet us a snap of the finished pumpkin 
how about one of these rob? #everylittlehelps
so happy that we were able to help with this! happy travels.  
hi there! we've just sent you a bit more info over dm /ma
content of each account. this is why linking account via one login is not an option anymore for residential accounts.
i'd be happy to help, please send a dm with your full name, address and phone number.
i understand. we will be here when you respond.-sean
we're here to help. if you would like us to assist you please send us a dm with the information requested above.-sean
hello, i apologize for the delayed response. i'd be more than happy to help, please send a dm with your full name, address &amp; ph#.
hi, matt! please excuse the delay. i understand your frustrations regarding your service. i would be happy to look into this for you. would
good evening! how may i assist you today?
please elaborate on the issue a little bit more so i can better assist you.
good evening! just want to follow up with you and check if you still need assistance.  if so, let me know so i can help you.
we are currently working on a resolution and we appreciate your patience.
thank you for reaching out to us. we are aware of an issue with the auto extend feature when trying to be used with live sports.
hi there, buddy! i can definitely look into this for you. send me a dm and i will be happy to help. 
have no fear your t-force warrior is here! shoot me a dm and we will take a look into this for you! 
we are certainly here to help! dm so we can look into this! 
please let us know if there is anything we can do to help you today! :) 
hey ramadhani! dm us so that we can look into it! 
hey! if you have any questions, i've got the answers! shoot me a dm! =) 
aren't they the best?! glad you had such a great flight, april. come see us again soon!
we know you're ready to stretch out. we offer main cabin extra, with more leg room: 
i would be happy to see why you're receiving the funds. in a dm, please feel free to provide us your full name, address, and best phone number (no account numbers).  
we're very sorry you had a disappointing experience, miss tainsh. we will certainly pass on your comments. 
we're sorry this happened. did you request them before travelling for your trip to new york? 
oh we're sorry to hear this, peter. we hope it didn't disrupt your plans. 
what a gorgeous photo, johnathan! thanks for sharing. 
we can look at adding this for you, gary. please dm us your booking ref, full name, email address and contact number. 
wow, that sounds like a great trip, victoria! we hope you enjoyed your flight home. 
please refer to in 
glad to hear it's resolved. please feel free to tweet us back if you have any other trouble. thanks! 
please refer to 
would you mind private messaging your adobe id(email) so that we can look into it. thanks  
morning kerrie. there are services from hanwell to paddington at 07:24 and 07:54 today. lewis
hi kerrie. the next service is 2042 expected 2055. phil.
it was originally scheduled to arrive at 07:58 but was delayed. my information is showing that it has stopped and left, did you board? lew
hi kerrie. the delayed 07:58 is due to call shortly. sorry for the delay this morning. lewis
hi. the next service from hanwell to paddington is due to call at 08:01. lewis
hi kerrie. there are services from hanwell to paddington at 07:24 and 07:54 today. lewis
hi lucy. we always try to announce early but sometimes the platform allocation isn't decided until late on. lewis
send the issue to __email__ with an active contact number that you can be reached on for assistance. 
the line is okay as advised earlier. try using a different phone as advised or ask the admin to assist with replacement. 
the account is active, try using the line on a different handset. if it still fails, let us know. 
our calls are not being answered. from our end the till is active. please advise which services you're not able to access.
confirm your agent number and share an active contact number that you can be reached on. 
no. the area has to have 3g or 4g network. 
please dm your phone number or send an sms describing your location, type of fault and duration of fault to 5555 (free). 
hi ben, the driver has reported poor railhead conditions due to leaf fall. sorry for the delay to your journey. 
can affect the railway can be found here for the cancellation, this is indeed caused by poor rail conditions due to leaves. more info on how the autumn weather 
hi ben, where are you travelling to and from today? 
which train are you on today? 
good morning, which service are you on board please? 
hi james, i believe this train attached at salisbury and should have 10 coaches. 
the driver has reported poor railhead conditions due to leaf fall. sorry for the delay to your journey. 
there was a fault on the unit which meant that the headlights wouldn't work, therefore it was not possible to run the service. 
we were not able to contact you hence request you to share your suitable time to reach you to address your query. rgds, heetali
request you to remove your number from the post for security reasons.()
hi ,sorry about the trouble but we don't want you to go. please dm your nos. for us to reach you. rgds, ganesh
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
also,please click on following url 
we would be glad to see you as a member of idea family. please dm us your number and pin code. [] 
as per our telecon, your issue has been initiated under sr# :1-148085224232 &amp; expected completion date is /2017. heetali.
working fine from our end. kindly observe the services for few days.()
we are sorry about the problem you had with our services. as checked your data service is ()
we have noted your concern. our team will get in touch with you soon.  rgds, amit
as checked your ref no q1-140059176308 is closed. request you to clear caches and cookies from your handset for better speed.
apologies for the trouble. please elaborate on your concern and we will surely address it. rgds, amit
we do apologize for the unpleasant experience. please dm your idea and alternate number for further assistance. rgds, mahi
good morning, yes they are, we have had no reports of any problems this morning.
hey katie  check our network guide here: 
nice one   keep checking for more great offers and tickets 
that's brilliant to hear  now you're with us, check out our perks 
we're glad to hear you're happy  if you ever need us you know where we are.
 so we can take a look at this, please chat with us here: 
you are not allowed to substitute the passenger named in the confirmed booking with another passengers name. thanks-sha
sincerely apologies, vinci once a booking number has been issued, &gt;&gt;
we have replied to your dm, cheska. :)
saw your tweet. for your security, we discourage taking images of your account details. more info: 
hi there! please dm us your phone number so that we can look into this for you. 
je vous renouvelle mes excuses. j'espre que le problme a t rsolu.
sorry to hear that, can you contact us here: 
please don't provide your order details, as we consider it to be personal information. our twitter page is public. 
mi spiace, hai segnalato l'accaduto al nostro servizio clienti? 
puoi contattare tramite questo link: 
request you to wait till estimate delivery date for an update. i'm positive that it will be delivered accordingly. 
a degraded experience. so for the best experience, you need both pfm india and language english india. () 
please get in touch with us via 
you should receive it today or tomorrow according to the tracking information, unfortunately i can't look into it further here 
i understand. parcels can be delivered up to 21:00. please let us know if the order does not arrive by that time. 
i'm so sorry! we don't have access to order information via twitter. what does the tracking show here? 
woohoo! that's awesome!  i hope if you ever need anything you will let us know. :-) 
india preferred market place. however, if you have pfm india but not english india, you will still have.()
for the india skills, you don't necessarily need to have english india as language. what you need is () 
hi, udayan. we're currently reviewing your email and will be in touch shortly. we appreciate your patience!
hi there! we're here to help. can you please provide more details of what the specific issue is? from there we'll be able to assist further.
sorry about the trouble! please send us a dm with your email address and more details so we can connect.
here to help! send us a note at 
hi kanav! please send us a dm of the email address connected to your account and more details so we can further assist.
thank you for complimenting our crew! it was a pleasure to serve you!  
hey there! we can help out in english via twitter, but we also have indonesian support via email at 
greetings. we can look into this. please dm us with your full street address, name and phone # on the account. thanks.
hello. in most areas, planned maintenance is posted in advance in the xfinity my account app. hope this helps.
hello there. please dm us with your full street address, name and phone # on the account so we can help.
name on the account, and i'll look into any issues you may have?
review your billing. please dm me the name (your name), service address, and phone number linked to the account.
number and name on the account, and i'll look into this for you?
hey there shahrukh! are you able to shoot me a dm my friend? 
we hope we're going to see you on board, mr o'brien! 
well make sure to share plenty of photos with us when you're next on board, mr o'brien! 
this is concerning to hear, sally. can we help? 
hi sally.  i'm sorry we've left you feeling unhappy.  we understand your disappointment, but we hope you do enjoy your flight. 
hi sally, we're sorry you remain disappointed. we hope it doesn't spoil your flight. 
we're so sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you, sally. 
hi sally, i'm sorry for the delay in responding to you. are you available for a call? 
he clearly couldn't miss the last show stopper, debbie! we can see it was also a good result for man u! 
i think we have a certain judge to thank for that spoiler, debbie, so he's done well to avoid it so far! 
hello, clarify on the issue, then dm(
apologies for any delays. please share the transaction number we confirm the payment status. 
please dm your confirmation number so we can take a closer look?  
hi, alysson. we're sorry for the trouble. rapid rewards is currently undergoing maintenance and will be back to full functionality soon. 
hello, anthony. i'm sorry your services are out. please send me a dm with your account name and phone or account number.
i understand, unfortunately we do not have an eta for when the services will be restored.
we do apologize for the experience in which you had at our store. what seems to be the issue?
to activate your device, you can either visit the link provided, 
hi morag, sorry to hear that, however you will need to speak with our colleagues at 
fantastic picture  
yes it can as far as i'm aware. 
sorry to hear that, try reloading it with 
ok, no worries, sorry for the issues you have. 
oh no, what issues are you having with the wifi? 
if you go to the station, they can assist with this. 
hi james. i'll look into this and get back to you with some info a little later. lewis
hi nadine. services are stopping at hanwell. what time are you travelling? lewis
there's a service at 07:45 then the next one is at 08:36. lewis
morning graham. glad to see my colleague has impressed. have a good journey. lewis
hi katherine. that service is due to run. lewis
hi ezrah, sorry this happened share transaction number for assistance.
hi, the reversal has been initiated to be completed within 2hours. always use safaricom app to stop a wrong transaction.
hi phil, thank you for your kind feedback. 
hi em, you can find all the information on the strike here is scheduled to be a 10 car service. i shall pass your feedback on to the train planning team for review. 
hello! can you dm your account email address?
sorry, you had to go through this. we have noted your concern. our team will get in touch with you soon. rgds, yoigta
on whose name you want to register the number and previous subscriber document also. []
regards, arti
hope we have addressed your concern. have a great evening!
would like to inform you that you need to change the owenership of number,for that visit idea store with document  []
it was cancelled because of a shortage of train carriages i'm afraid.
ah okay, we hope to see you again soon.
are you looking to join us again? we'd love to have you on board again.
 what's happened exactly? can we help with anything from here? let us know: 
can you send us a direct message so we can send you some detailed instructions?  
our sincere apologies on late reply. as we check you have added 25 kg already. &gt;&gt;&gt;
that great. :d have a safe flight.
there is no issues. as you can even have it updated at the counter. generally for domestic flight it is not needed.thanks-emir
hi dnyan, may we know which link you unable access? please clarify . thank you- mariya
hi , here is the correct link to submit the claims, 
sorry but kindly try to do it using desktop/ laptop too as it should be working fine, dnyan. thank you.
&gt;&gt; inconvenience caused to you regarding this. you may opt for airport tax refund via : 
&gt;&gt; time for separate booking to avoid misconnection as we check you only have 1 hours gap which already not possible.-mariy
sorry for the inconvenience, dnyan. may we have the booking number to check?
it's odd and as i said interesting. i'll pass this info on.  thank you.
hi, that's interesting. we'd have to look into it.  which machine(s) did you use/have you used?
there was issues with the brakes which has been resolved now
hi jayne, yes i can see it's arrived already, but please accept our apologies for its delay.
sorry you have experienced problems. you can contact our colleagues t: 0208 028 0385 e: __email__
if you're experiencing regular problems. you can speak to them whilst on board to receive a response straight away
thanks. hopefully we'll get to the bottom of it. sorry for any inconvenience caused.
hello, i believe this has been faulted with the company will look for an update today.
hello @117128, kindly assist with the stated complaint. thank you.
hello @117128, kindly assist with stated issue. thank you. .
hello @117128, please assist with the stated issue. thank you. 
hello @117128, please assist with the stated complaint. thank you.
hello @117128, kindly assist with the stated complaint. thank you.
hello @117128, kindly assist with the stated complaint. thank you.
hello @120604, please provide the affected number, last recharge, swap history and the last data purchased (if any) on the ()
hello @120604, please be informed that the pin has been reset to 1234 as requested. thank you. 
hello @117128, kindly assist with the stated complaint. thank you.
hello @120605, apologies on your experience. kindly provide your mobile number along with your phone type for checks and ()
no sorry we do not sell amazon gift cards. you can check our website for all our stock. marc
we're sorry to hear that, anand. could you please tell us what went wrong so we could check? 
as you have filled the form, you will receive an email here: 
be able to provide any further insight on this.  
the resolution provided by our specialist team over the email is the best we can offer. i'm sorry we'll not  
that's strange! we'd like to investigate this issue further. please contact us here: 
hi. i'm sorry to hear that. have you tried by phone/chat for a swifter response? 
you can try requesting a call back here: 
sorry for the trouble with your account! you're welcome to reach out to us here: 
apologies. that's certainly unexpected. kindly report it here: 
vous pouvez contacter la poste afin de demander une relivraison ou un dpt en bureau de poste. 
j'en suis navre. en effet, certains transporteurs effectuent une nouvelle livraison  domicile et la poste en fait partie.
bonjour guillaume, je suis dsol pour cela. etiez-vous prsent lors du passage du livreur? 
i get your disappointment.please fill your details in the link provided to you earlier so that we can assist you accordingly.
please don't provide your order details, as we consider it to be personal information. our twitter page is public. 
i'm sorry for the delay with your order. please reach out to our support team here: 
i'd like to look into the issue and assist you with it. please provide your details here: 
sorry about that. could you please check if you've received an email in response to the details you shared earlier? 
if you've provided the details earlier in the link, you should've received an email from the social media team. 
apologies for the experience, ananya. we've sent a correspondence to your registered email. please reply &amp; we'll assist. 
we'll not be able to access your account over social media, ananya. please reply to the email and we'll get back to you. 
to locate the email then please resubmit the details in the link provided by  and we'll reach out to you. () 
please provide your details here: 
can look into the issue and get back to you.  
thank you for sharing the details. we're working on it &amp; we'll get back to you soon with an update. 
please allow us 6-12 hours to get back to you with an update. appreciate your patience, ananya. 
we haven't received your details yet. kindly share your details through the link provided above so that we  
sorry for the inconvenience. you may check the email from our team here: 
and i'll get back to you.  
hi, apologies. carriers should not follow handwritten delivery notes. you can set them on your acc: 
please reach out to us directly here: 
our twitter page is visible to public.  
i'm sorry about the delay in refund. please escalate this to our support team here: 
we'll look into it. please dont provide your order/account details as we consider them to be personal information.  
sorry to hear that, sometimes delays happen for unforeseen reasons. 
hi, please request a call here: 
my apologies frances. what was the expected delivery date given at the time the order was placed? 
sorry to hear that, delays can happen sometimes for unforeseen reasons, its not what we want you to experience. 
hi sorry to hear that, were you given a reason for the delay? 
i'm afraid we can't access order/account info here. what does the new update indicate? 
sorry, did you report the delay to us: 
depois ns conta o que achou do livro.  
deciso dificil n tiago? eu fiz uma pesquisa e o livro "o senhor das moscas" parece muito interessante . 
tiago, voc acabou de nos avisar a melhor noticia do dia , estamos felizes por essa adquisio maravilhosa. me diga, qual livro vai ler primeiro? 
here to help! send us a note at 
hello, i am glad that it is back now. is there anything else we can assist you with?
hi, i can check on the status of your service and the area for you. can you dm the name and address on the account?-sean
if you change your mind, please do not hesitate to reach back out to us. we're here to help.
hello, i apologize for the troubles w/ your service. can you please dm your full address &amp; phone#? i would like to help. ty
hello. i'd like to look into whats going on with your connection. please send a dm with your address and phone number.
hi, we would like to look into your issue for you. please send us a dm with your acct number or full address. thank you,
account, and i'll look into that for you?
account # or full address, telephone number and name on the account, and i'll look into this for you?
we're happy to help get your iphone back up and running. to start, check out the steps for that error here: 
thanks! we'll want to get your iphone updated to ios 11.1.2. here's how: 
we can help with battery life. do you know what version of the ios is on the device?  if not, you can check under settings &gt; general &gt; about &gt; version.
no worries! feel free to give us a shout if we can help with anything else. we're always... 
hey! we have more info about the play queue at 
nothing is better than free ice cream! meet me in the dms 
we want you to stay entertained while on board. take a look here for info on streaming to your device: 
we're sorry you were disappointed with our partner. we've passed on your comments. 
if you have a booking and would like to discuss your options, please let us know.  
there is currently no advice to stop travel to new york, rory. we appreciate why you're concerned. 
that is not the experience we want you to have. we'd be happy to look into this with you. can you dm us what you are experiencing with your itunes account? what do you currently see on the screen? are you signed in to the account? we'll continue this in dm. 
all of our 747's have been refurbished, jooles. we think you'll be impressed. 
did our staff explain why you were unable to be rebooked for the same day, mark? 
we're so sorry to hear this, mark. do you have travel insurance to cover your hotel and tours? 
we appreciate this isn't the response you were hoping for, but these are classed as consequential losses.  
we're really sorry your trip has been impacted, but we're unable to cover out of pocket travel expenses when a rebook has been accepted. 
hi mark, when disruption happens the options we're able to offer are consistent whether you originally booked with avios or cash. 
they would need to speak to their local embassy, rami. 
hey, we'd like to help get your iphone responding smoothly for you. reply by dm, and tell us more about what you're seeing. be sure to also let us know the ios version shown in settings &gt; general &gt; about. 
hi there! we saw your tweet and would like to assist you. please send us a dm and follow to further assist..
it should now be coach c. 
it is yes, they are slowly being changed over the next month or so. 
unreservable coaches with the new timetable are as follows: 
9 car pendolino e
11 car pendolino u &amp; f
you can do it, i have faith in you  . 
ok, sorry there wasn't any help, they should have been able to contact the staff for you. 
if it was an emergency then our control team will have been informed and things will be in place for this. 
 if it is found it will be handed in then you will need to log it. 
 i appreciate the frustration, however when it comes to lost property,
i don't know for sure if they should have called or if they do that, but it sounds like something they should be able to do 
you can contact them via 
i see sorry to hear that, where was this? 
hi becky, what's happened exactly? 
on the day so it is ready for showing when you get to the barriers. 
oh no sorry about that. 
great picture. 
it'll be the difference in price between the two tickets, staff onboard can assist. 
glad to hear this. hope you're enjoying haha
the service is currently running 4 minutes late. apologies for any inconvenience
hi there. which service are you referring to please?
hi there. really sorry for any delays this week and the impact these have had on your day
sorry to hear this. we are working with network rail and other partners closely so we can improve punctuality and customer experience
feel free to email our customer support at __email__ if you require a more in depth answer maslina
hi bex. sorry to hear this. we do accept alternative cups as long as they fit safely in the coffee machine
if necessary we will arrange for staff from another station to attend. lewis
hi. services are running, the next one is at 07:33. apologies the ticket office is closed again. lewis
apologies again for the delay, the train is running 7 minutes late at present but no reason is attributed for this as yet. phil.
that's alright marcus, we use the transaction id to match up our till receipts which we can use as a proof of purchase. steven
thanks marcus. if you take your card statement showing the transaction you would be able to return or exchange this in store. reid
thank you, sorry for the delay. which store did you buy this from? did you pay for this by cash or card?
hi marcus. can you send us a clear picture of the product please? corey
could you send me a pic of the style code on the wash label instead please? which store did you buy it from? ewan
sorry about this. what store did you get it from? could you send us its barcode with the link below please? maclaine 
in that case, let's use this link instead: 
hi toshi, while most changes update in real time, some others may take up to 24 hours to reflect the newest change.  
if the issue persists, please dm us your email address linked to your account. thank you. ()
(aest) and they should be able to help you further. ()
thank you for sharing the details. please confirm if you are using the same adapter shipped along with the system?
we request you 
would request you to call our experts from out of warranty on 1300-655-533, mondayfriday 8 a.m.8 p.m ()
thank you for letting us know. since the system is out of warranty the options from our end is limited. we 
the latest information on the strike can be found here &gt; 
how was your journey with south western railway today? give us your feedback: 
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
hi, could you dm me your email address and i will raise it with our helpdesk.
are you having issues with 3g or is 4g not available in your area? take a look at these handy steps: 
hey hol  were you transferring your number to another account or to a new sim? drop us a dm  
 could you please reply by dm? we're going to send some information to help.    
we're sad to hear you're not happy with what's available at the moment ivan. we always offer the best deals we can.
we're sorry you're unhappy with our deals available ivan, have you spoken with our upgrades team directly?
sorry for the delay, runa. we've replied your dm. please check it out. thanks.
we happy to help you. make it a great day :) thanks-sha
oh, we have link it to your account, shiera. check it out! :)
may we have the member email id via dm please .thanks-emir
hi shiera, kindly dm us the booking number and email id for a check. thank you.
hi moh, may we have your booking number please ? before advice further. thank you-mariya
hi salma, may you dm us for the guest passport copy for a name correction. :)
we have replied you via dm.thanks-emir
we are able to do it at 
via email form at 
hi jojo, oh no! for the passed flight you only can request boarded letter which is you have to fill up &gt;&gt;
do let us know if any further assistance is needed. thank you and have a great day. thanks-sha
hello ihenacho, we empathize. may we have your number, error message and device details for assistance? so
may we have your device details? so
thank you for your patience. please confirm the service status. thank you. uo.
hello ihenacho, kindly send 4g to 400 to check the device compatibility to glo 4g network. thank you.  tt
we apologize for any inconvenience. kindly provide your phone number, exact location, device type and error response so we can progress uo.
we apologize for any inconvenience you may have experienced.the complaint has been escalated. thank you. uo.
kindly exercise patience.the complaint has been escalated, it will be resolved soon.thank you
kindly exercise patience.the complaint has been escalated, it will be resolved soon.thank you. ap
hey jan! we've just sent you a bit more info over dm. we'll carry on helping out there /cp
we apologize. may we have your number for assistance? so
issue already escalated to our resolution unit. work in progress. please exercise patience. so
hello savage, we apologize. may we know the exact issue? so
hello are, we apologize. may we have your number for clarification? so
our store is all yours, kaile. happy shopping!
give us a call on 0345 640 2020 or dm us your details and we will look into the payment. marc
 account within 5-7 working days. if not, please visit the store and my colleagues will be happy to look into this for you
hi, that's odd. i'd advise that you go back in to store with your card and receipt and they'll assist further from there.
dann wird die zahlungsart nochmal geprft. du kannst es gerne versuchen, aber ob es klappt kann ich dir nicht versprechen. 
super, das freut mich! gib aber nicht gleich alles auf einmal aus  
ich beschwer mich da jetzt mal nicht drber  
danke, dir auch. wir supporten dann mal fleiig weiter  
danke! wir wnschen dir natrlich auch noch einen schnen feiertag  
wenn der bankeinzug abgelehnt wurde, bleibt leider nur die mglichkeit mit kreditkarte oder gutscheinen zu zahlen. 
sorry about this. thanks for the feedback. 
i'm sorry that you have received a damaged product. please report this to our support team here: 
sorry to know you received a damaged product, we certainly did not expect this to happen.  
kindly connect with us here: 
kindly make a request for it here: 
arranging a refund/replacement on the order would be the best resolution possible in this case.  
kindly refer: 
the replacement order could be released only when the original product is picked up and is returned to us.()
our customer service will help you on the following link 
i understand. was it ordered through your own account or on somebody elses? 
hi, what amazon website did you use to place your order? 
big ideas take time to be implemented.  we have forwarded your suggestion. we don't get any update on it.
that's an interesting one! i'll surely pass along your feedback to the team concerned for review. 
thanks for the update. we'll check and get back to you at the earliest. 
could you please confirm if we have missed the mentioned time frame?  
our products are shipped on time so that they can reach you by the estimated delivery date.  
you can contact us here vicky  
as mentioned earlier, reply to our email correspondence with your concerns. we'll check and respond accordingly. 
we receive your details. kindly share the details here: 
please confirm if you have provided your details in the link shared by 'gk' &amp; we'll help you accordingly with your concern.
we will look into it.  
we'd like to help you. if the details are shared with us from the link provided, we'll get back soon with an update. 
dharmesh, please know that we won't be abel to access your account details from twitter. hence, kindly share the details. 
please don't provide your order details, we consider it to be personal information. our page is visible to the public.()
apologies for the delay dharmesh. kindly reply to the correspondence sent by our team for further assistance. () 
i have checked and we have not received your details. request you to share your details via the secure link provided.  
i just checked and we haven't received your details yet. we'll not be able to work on your concern unless () 
sorry for the trouble with the refund. please get in touch with our support team here: 
that's strange. i'd like to assist you with this, kindly drop in your details  
hi, i'll be sure to pass your feedback on, thanks. 
that's unacceptable indeed, did you report this to our customer service team here: 
i'm sorry to know about this. click here: 
i understand your concern. kindly fill in your details through the link provided earlier &amp; we'll contact you soon. 
also, please don't provide your order details as its personal info. our twitter page is visible to the public.  
i'd like to take a closer look into it. please fill in this form: 
hi, apologies, the shipping speed refers to time in transit but doesn't include the time an order takes to dispatch. 
have you submitted your details through the link shared previously? 
sorry that the issue is still pending. may i know if you've contacted your bank &amp; filed a charge dispute? 
in that case, i request you to file a charge dispute, the bank will help you further. appreciate your cooperation. 
we've responded to you via dm. please check. 
we would like to help you. please share your details with us here: 
apologies for the hassle. i see that our team sent you a correspondence to your registered email id. kindly check  
please don't provide your order details, we consider it to be personal information. our page is visible to the public. () 
apologies, please fill this form: 
communication here: 
i get your concern, please check for an email from our team here: 
correspondence &amp; reply?  i haven't seen any details with your name or twitter handle till now.  
quite a wide range of vocabulary you got there. if you have filled in the details earlier, i believe we must have already  
earlier by ,  or . kindly drop in your details using the link provided so that we can help you with a resolution  
any further insight in this case. also, please don't provide your order details as our twitter page is visible to public.  
don't have access to your account details over twitter. unless the form is filled we wouldn't be able to offer  
posting the details here on twitter won't help, harshal. you need to drop them using the link sent by  as we  
fyi, i just checked again, and contrary to your confirmation, we haven't received any details as requested  
your thanks has been heartily accepted here. i understand you're upset but that doesn't warrant name-calling.  
reached out via email. kindly check for the last correspondence from us here: 
registered email account post submitting the form here: 
i'm sorry for the disappointment with your order delivery, you should be receiving a correspondence from us to your  
request you to wait till 8:00 pm for an update on delivery. also, as you have filled the form, you will receive an email  
i understand you are yet to receive your order. please wait for our team to reach out to you soon. 
as the details are shared from the link mentioned earlier, we'd get back to you soon with an update. 
i understand waiting could be tiresome but rest assured, the concerned team is working on a resolution for you. 
we will definitely get back to you. request you to wait till then. your patience here will be highly appreciated. 
thank you for the confirmation. we understand the importance of this issue to you.  
we understand your concern. wed like to help you; please fill this form: 
on this as feedback with the team internally for a review.  
i'm sorry for the trouble. we will definitely make sure such an instance does not get repeated. compensation policies ()
please dont provide your order details as we consider them to be personal info. our twitter page is visible to public. ()
here to help! for more info please visit this link....
sorry about the trouble! please send us a dm with your email address and more details so we can connect.
let's look into that! send us a note at 
it seems a member of our team has reached out to you. please check your email and follow up with them there.
sorry for the confusion. we've followed up with the email address linked to your uber account. please reach out to us there.
we can confirm we have followed up with the email address linked to your account. you can also see our messages via the "your trips" tab.
happy to help! send us a note here, 
here to help! for more info about uberassist, visit this link; 
here to further assist you, reece! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
we'd like to assist but we're going to need you to dm us your account email and the details of the issue before we can follow up.
at this moment, we don't offer phone support for these issues. please contact us via 
sorry about the trouble! please send us a dm with your email address and more details so we can connect.
sincere apologies, mind private messaging the details we see what we can do? 
hi, i can help with your internet connection. can you dm the name and address on the account so i can look into it for you?-sean
hi, i'm sorry for this experience. can you dm the details along with your name, address, and phone number?-sean
hi, i'm sorry we've made you feel this way. is there anything i can assist you with?-sean
i'm sorry we caused you to leave. if you ever need anything we will be here for you.
sorry for the wait. we're working hard to get everyone taken care of as quickly as possible.
sorry, semrin, we were on the understanding you had waited a month as you mentioned this in your previous tweet. 
hi semrin, it's much longer than we'd usually like to keep a customer waiting, and we've since taken steps to reduce our backlog. 
hi semrin. our customer relations team deal with cases by date order. we're sorry if you had to wait longer than usual for a reply. 
hi semrin, this is concerning to hear and certainly not the service you should expect. we've passed on your comments to our customer
you don't sound very happy, semrin. anything we can help with? 
hi, i would love to take a look at this for you. please dm your account information so we can pull it up. 
hello, alexander. i'm sorry your internet is down. please send me a dm with your account name and phone number.
hi nikki, we're currently experiencing an issue in your area affecting all services. i apologize for any inconvenience. 
we are here to help! please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.. 
this has been reported so hopefully there will be a fix soon. 
hi andrea, which station is this? 
ah, it sounds like you need to speak to our friends at 
hi matt, which service are you on? 
hi ian, could you please dm us with more details.  
hi scott, this has been reported we hope it'll be fixed soon. 
i like it charlotte, what's the time in mumbai?  
well there you go, it was just a little test not many people will have that time on the phone. 
morning tweeters, after yesterdays shock #gbbofinal winner ,  and  are here this morning awaiting your #wednesdaywisdom 
hi there. really sorry to hear this. which train are you on please?
a service is due at 08.15 which is currently running on time
hi. sorry for the problems this morning. that service has been delayed due to signal problems and is expected to reach paddington at 08:46.
hi alex. once all iet's are in service journey times will be reduced on this line
all of our new trains are scheduled to be in service in december 2018. journey time savings are expected to been from then onwards
hi pippa. apologies the screen hasn't updated. where are you travelling from? lewis
thanks for confirming. apologies again for the delay. lewis
hi there. apologies mihir. where are you travelling from please?
hi simon. nothing has been reported to suggest this service will be delayed
trains may be delayed but no cancellations expected. updates will show at 
there are expected to be signalling issues between paddington and hayes and harlington, but no cancellations expected. what time?
...internal review. sorry again for the inconvenience, take care. shaun
i'm very sorry about this kristian. can you let me know when you were last in the store please? shaun
thanks very much for all the info kristian. although the store are aware of this i've still logged this for... 
...our buyers for consideration. liz 
i've logged your comments rob and have fed this back to the store manager. have a good day. rob
...arranged for engineers to come out and have a look into this tomorrow (/17). thanks, marc 
sorry rob. the store are aware of the ongoing issues and are trying to resolve it as quickly as possible. corey
once again i'd just like to apologise for this! the store manager is aware of the issue and has... 
apologies for the delay, but we will advise once the issue is resolved. 
 kindly check dm. 
hi, we are following up on your request under ticket no. 1-dapt4jv. we will advise once done within 24hrs. 
we have called the customer and advised. 
we have called and advised. 
what error are you getting when trying to set up your bonga pin? 
...the following link 
hi there, sorry about this simon. could you confirm the store you usually shop in please? robbie
unfortunately these items are not ranges in the haywards heath store. you may place a product request by clicking on...
thanks callum. can you dm your full name and nectar card number using the link below? amanda 
so sorry about that callum! which store did you visit? i'll feed this back. ewan
@coxhelp, we can take a look please dm full address and primary name on the account.  = jj 
@120738, that's not good. are you having speed or connectivity issues? = jj
oh no! we don't want you to feel this way. how can we help? what issues are you having with your services? thank you.
we do, yes. i don't have any time scale though i'm afraid. 
hi nick, it's running and scheduled to be at farnborough on time, first class will be at the front. 
please could you make the guard aware of this. 
#eventsswr #killikrugby cup and fireworks family raceday on sat 4 nov. check before travel 
hi dave, thank you for letting us know. i will pass this onto our team. sorry for the inconvenience. 
ok, we are dealing via dm. 
hi,share the transaction code and your number for us to check.
we have assisted.
please dm your number and the amount of the credit card. 
alright. good day. 
please dm us your number, name, id and the transaction details. we will check and advise. 
apologies for the trouble. please dm us your contact number and elaborate on your concern and we will surely address it. rgds, amit 
as checked your request under ref no.  c1-101370580087 is in process and complete till /2017.
we are here to help you. please elaborate your exact concern &amp; dm your idea &amp; alternate no for further assistance. rgds, mahi
thank you for your feedback. we always strive to provide an excellent service to our customers.
are calls and texts working okay?
ah okay. we're unable to guarantee high data speeds while roaming as, you're not connected to a uk mast.
just to clarify, are you currently abroad now? if so, which phone are you using?
can you dm a screenshot of the settings shown when going to settings &gt; mobile data &gt; mobile data options &gt; mobile data network? 
can you change the mobile data apn to 
 as previously advised, we're unable to guarantee data speeds while roaming as, you're not connected to a uk mast.
hi chris,  have you tried manually selecting another network to see if this helps?
hi. we're using all the carriages available on an already extremely busy line. a longer train would mean altering the timetable
we are sorry the trains will be full; it's due to unit faults.
that's good to know.  and again we apologise.
some services between #worcester #greatmalvern and #dorridge are short-formed today. please check here for info 
why, thanks *
hi. i understand your point but it's been kept as 3 as if it was lengthened it would delay the train which works against the lf tt
ah okay. apologies
hello.  where are you travelling from and to?
not sure if you're travelling now, but the line's fine.
hello lm folks, it's the 1st of november already! this is delia signing in and helping you out until 13:00 :)
hello! could you please provide us dm with the phone number associated with your lyft account? 
not all prime products are eligible for express delivery, aman. please refer to this page: 
we consider it to be personal information. our page is visible to the public.  
i just checked and we've received your details. please allow us some time and we'll reach out to you. 
i understand your concern regarding refund, i'd like to help you with this. kindly drop in your details  
hai appena vinto un grande abbraccio!!!   
hi. if you get in touch: 
hi, sorry to hear. are you receiving an error message? 
thanks for flagging this. i'll forward this to the concerned team internally for a review. 
did you receive an email? what did it advise? if not, please contact us here: 
sorry about that, have you received an email from an account specialist? 
can you try to change your password? 
were you emailed to confirm why your account was on hold? 
please don't provide your order details, as we consider it to be personal information. our twitter page is public.  
thanks for keeping us posted. i'll be sure to forward your comments to our team internally. 
we will reply you over dm. 
i'm sorry for the hassle. please fill your details here: 
i'm sorry to hear about the trouble you had. i'd like to personally help you. kindly drop in your details 1//2
please don't provide your order details, we consider it to be personal information. our page is visible to the public.  
you can download the invoice for your order by following the steps given in the link here: 
we request you to open the link from desktop or laptop and follow the instructions to download the invoice. 
can you tell me (without personal info) what your request was? 
hi tim, what information did we provide when you contacted us? s
hi tim, please fill out this secure form from a non-mobile device with as much info as possible: 
what was advised when you spoke with us directly? 
my apologies tim. what happened when you tried contacting by phone/chat? 
hi tim- for all queries you can reach us directly via the below link:  
sorry about that. kindly elaborate the issue and we'll be happy to help. 
it can connect to all the smart electronics at your place.  
to connect via voice through the alexa app. yes, you can connect it as a bluetooth speaker.  
it doesn't have a built in battery, so plugging in to an electric socket is a must. you can use the "drop in" feature  
i believe the winners will be announced by 7th november. kindly wait until then. 
i'm sorry but we'll not be able to offer further insight on this. 
we've sent you an email on this. please refer the same. the resolution provided is the best we could offer in this case. 
our team and we'll get back. () 
kindly reply to the email received from us and we shall get back to you on this. 
i understand the unpleasantness here, himanshu. we'll respond to you via mail soon. 
we regret the inconvenience. we have received your details. we'll work on it and get back to you.  
sorry for the trouble, himanshu. please fill in your details here: 
assistance. please don't provide your order details, we consider it to be personal information.  
we have sent you a correspondence here: 
just to confirm, have you reported this to our support team as requested earlier? if not kindly let them know about it. 
i'm sorry about the trouble. kindly share your details here: 
we haven't received your details. kindly share them on the link above and we'll get back to you at the earliest. 
that's odd! please flag your concern here: 
certain products can't be shipped to some selected pincodes because of the unavailability of courier facility there. ()
we've sent you an email correspondence to your registered account. please refer and revert on the same. 
we value your time. we shall get things right for you at the earliest. 
we're following up with your query here: 
anna lou, voc pode tambm entrar em contato com o departamento de r. p utilizando este link: 
 informao sobre outras oportunidades de negcios 
great! we will look for his message. :)
hi, there! we do keep track of cancellations by drivers and take the appropriate actions when this occurs.
here to help! please visit for more info: 
a team member reached out to you via in app support. you can find this under the "help" section of the app. please follow up there.
happy to help! our team is currently reviewing your email and will follow up directly.
sorry to hear about this. please send us a note here 
we're here to help! please send us a note via 
here to help! send us a note here, 
happy to further assist you. can you please send us a dm with your email address and additional details?
here to help! send us a note at 
we're sorry to hear this. can you please send us a dm of your email address so we can look into this?
if you could dm some details i will get a refund sent out to you and also feed this back to our suppliers? 
hi emma, i'm very sorry to see your salad ingredients are not up to our standards! 
hi there, we will need to see documentation with your name listed as an insured driver under the policy in order to accept it. typically, a declarations page from your insurance company will give you the needed proof of insurance. feel free to dm us if we can help further. 
i'm glad to hear it's been resolved for you! please reach out if you need any further assistance in the future. :)
hey kevin, we appreciate your feedback! don't worry, we'll let our devs know this is something you'd like to see /gk
:d #magentaman here. thank you so much for the heads up. is there anything else you would like to share with me? 
hey charley, we know how valuable your time is. if you still need assistance, feel free to send us a dm! 
she is a beauty! we won't tell if you don't!
we appreciate your concern, but we would be unable to guarantee which aircraft will operate this flight. 
well always look to rebook you in a suitable alternative. if were not able to, youd be entitled to a refund. 
we do advise when your pre book your seats that they are subject to change. if we do have to change the aircraft, 
operational reasons. were sorry for any disappointment caused in this instance.  
good morning. you can log into your modem to see what devices are currently connected to your network. 
i can see that you have created a user profile for account management. in order to utilize this site, the account... 
i'd be happy to look into this for you.  please follow/dm us your account information including the full address ... 
great to hear! please reach out to us if you need any further assistance. 
hi, i'd be happy to take a look into this for you. please dm your account information and i would be happy to take a look for you. 
good morning david. if you would please dm your account or phone number for me, i'll be happy to look into this for you. 
hi corey! i would really like to help with your services. when you can plz dm your phone number and address to chat? 
sorry you're having issues with your internet. please dm your account info and i'd be happy to take a look. 
good morning! i would really like to help with your services. when you can plz dm your phone number and address to chat? 
hi chess, sorry for the inconvenience caused. this train was running 3 minutes late and was altered due to congestion. 
the way back!  
oh i see, then don't worry about getting another ticket, just get one to winchester and that'll be fine. 
hi kellie, this train is planned to reach waterloo at 07:57 but ran 3 minutes late today. 
released in the coming weeks.  
please dm your number and a contact number we can reach you on. 
our apologies, we are currently experiencing a system challenge which we are working to resolve. kindly bear with us.^ wn
hi gary, the 06:35 left at 06:39. the next service is the 06:41. 
timetable change will come into effect on 10 december please check your journey before travelling 
hello brian, thanks for the feedback, though the command string was disabled due to the ever changing menu on #ok. 
we tried but could not reach you on the shared number. please dm an alternate contact number. regards, heetali
as perour telecon,your concern has been initiated under .
c1-101505588628 &amp; you shall hear on the same soon.rgds,jit 
we appreciate you bringing it to their attention--and thanks as well for taking time to compliment them!
we hope you enjoy them  
 are you looking to upgrade? we always offer the best deals we can.
 our offers are subject to availability and stock chris. we hope you're able to use another offer soon 
okay, it does sound like the issues you're having are due to congestion chris.
 has signal always been the same at those stations chris? is it data that's affected &amp; does it improve as you leave?
okay, chat with us here and we'll take a look: 
 the sim would require usage in order to remain active. have you used the credit on the device at all?
hi there. if the sim hasn't been used for around 6 months the number would disconnect therefore, the credit will expire.
when it's nearer the time, we recommend speaking with our upgrades team to discuss your options: 
hi joanne   do you have something in mind you'd like? have you already spoken to our upgrade team over the phone?
hi there, we have assisted you via dm. kindly check inbox. thanks-sha
hi zahari, sorry but flight change can only be done up to 48 hours before departure. thank you.
we have replied to your dm, grace. check  it out! :)
it's direct message, grace. kindly provide us the guests' passport copy for us to verify and do the necessary. thanks.
hi grace , we have replied you via dm,thanks-emir
&gt;&gt; provide us the flight date/time so we can help you to check on it? thanks :)
hi msgedixs +1 itu maksudnya flight itu akan sampai pada hari keesokkannya .thanks-emir
hi msgedixs, if the flight is not in the list, either fully book or no schedule on that time, but may you &gt;&gt;
hi,the allowable baggage dimensions for checked baggage are not more that 81cm in in depth x 119cm wide x 119cm height.thank-mar
it's nice to see you stopped by to see us at our atlanta branch. i hope your visit was a pleasant one! 
saw your mention. if you need help with something, please let us know. thanks. 
hello @120828, kindly provide the affected mobile number via dm for checks and assistance. thank you.
hello @120828, we've got you covered. 
hi lilc, can you pm us with a little info and we will look into it for you. marc
hi kirsty, if you send an sms to 61201 with your postcode &amp; catalogue number, you'll get regular updates :-)
hi graeme, i'm sorry to hear that, could you dm us details please? thanks.
we're sorry to hear this. can you send us a dm so we can help? 
we are following up with you over email. please reply to it for further insight on it. 
please respond to the email so that we can assist you accordingly. ()
request you to check the spam and junk folders in your mail box for the emails from social media team and ()
hi, if it isn't listed then unfortunately it wouldn't be included in the pre-sale. 
hi helen, hope you saw the update that brighton is included! good news  
hi helen, please check back as it should go live soon. 
hi, please get in touch with us here: 
please reach out here so we can check this for you 
so sorry to hear about this. hope you are ok. please fill in the form: 
hi, we can look into this, click here: 
you're welcome. we're working on the issue and shall get back to you soon. 
we're sorry for the delay with your refund, gaurang. please submit your details here: 
we're sorry to keep you waiting. please fill in your details here: 
hello @120841, thank you for choosing airtel. .
hello @120841, we've got you covered. .
hello @120841,  all inconveniences regretted.thank you. .
hello @120842,  apologies on your experience. kindly confirm if issue persists as your line is fine from here. thank you..
sorry for the trouble with the canceled order. once an order is canceled, it cannot be reinstated. kindly place a new order. 
pls reach out here so we can look into this for you 
sweet! tell your new friend we said hi. 
promotion has now expired the membership will cost rs.999. 
the actual price of the prime membership is rs. 999 and it was offered for rs. 499 as introductory offer. since the  
sorry to hear this. has any reason been given for the delay? 
thank you for the information. we'd like to look into this. please contact us via phone/chat: 
je suis dsol, est-ce que la date de livraison est dpasse ?
ou bien le retourner contre remboursement si l'article est expdi par amazon.  
vous pouvez joindre notre sav via le lien suivant:  
l'avez-vous signal  notre sav s'il vous plat? 
je vous comprends, mais c'est le dlai ncessaire et le plus rapide possible pour vous faire parvenir votre colis.
bonjour, la livraison "prioritaire" est la plus rapide possible quand "en 1j our ouvr" n'est pas disponible pour un article
what book are you referring to? 
that's definitely something we must look into. apologies for this. i'd share this feedback internally with the right team. 
we're sorry about your delivery experience, someshwar. please report this here: 
i do understand adam. can you please advise which store you saw this in? thanks.
hi lawra, i've sent you a dm. thanks
hi lawra, can you please let me know your local store and i'll look into this for you. thanks
...the wait and hope that this will be resolved soon.   
good morning to you too!  
thanks peter! we understand it's a popular idea. rest assured, we'll pass on your feedback about this to the right team, too /t
this sounds like a great idea! suggest it in our community at 
we can totally get that checked out up in here! hit me up in a dm! 
you can upgrade through our website or on our app for efficiency! if you have jod, send us a dm and we'll assist :) 
you're in good wings with us!
we don't have any reported errors, madhu. could you send us a screenshot of the error you get so we can report this? 
thanks for bringing this to our attention, madhu. we've passed this to our web support team. 
hi madhu, do you have the most up-to-date version of our app? have you tried removing and reinstalling it? 
hi nick, what type of ticket do you have please?
you may be eligble for a refund but there may be an admin fee (usually around 10). you can apply where you purchased ticket from
hi, it was cancelled because of a train fault. the 08:18 is running.
you can find the contact details here 
hi, that service left york 1 minute early this morning.
sorry to hear this. can i ask which number you're calling so i can look into this for you 
congratulations matthew a wonderful time 
that doesn't sound right, do you have voicemail set up on your phone at all? #o2guru
that's great to hear, were happy to see this issues fixed. you know were we are if you need us  #o2guru
hi colin,  what happens when you dial the number? have you used the service before?
 what's made you say that gary? what were you calling for exactly? dm  us more info: 
we've replied to your dm 
pre-order the iphone x today and get a free screen replacement on us. take a look at our tariffs: 
hi amy, are you on pay monthly or pay &amp; go? where are you travelling to? let us know, we'd like to help  
we'd suggest contacting the store directly to check this. you can find all their contact details on the link above.
hi kim, the same offers would be available in store, you can call ahead to check if you like: 
hi carole  have you checked out our network guide for help with this? 
would you be able to drop us a dm with the full postcode of the affected area? we'll check into it  
the scariest pumpkin we've ever seen... #halloween 
hi robert. we have replied you via dm.thanks-emir
hi there, we have assisted you via dm. kindly check inbox. thanks-sha
we were asked to delay the works due to an external issue but we're waiting for an update from the property manager
sorry, have they said something to you?
of course it would be better if he stood, but we cannot enforce that he or anyone else does so.
&lt; or the person is being used to cover other stations. if i can find out more info i'll let you know.
apologies. i know we were awaiting the appointment of a permanent staff member there, but there must be an issue &gt;
hi.  apologies that the train is full, but we are using the carriages we have available
&lt; but other than that we don't prejudice those travelling with bikes as it's a greener way to travel.
our bike policy means that they're not allowed on peak services to/from london and we advise against those into birmingham &gt;
it has nothing to with losing interest in our customers. it's due to a fault with the units usually used on those services
more space is available further down which clears the doorways
it does. improvements will be made to the type of trains used but the line or tracks will still be same which adds to the issues
good morning, we apologize. may we have your number for clarification? so
we apologize. issue already escalated to our resolution unit, work in progress. please exercise patience. so
hello obitex, we apologize. issue has been escalated to the unit in charge for assistance. we will revert back. thank you. so
we apologize for any inconvenience. kindly provide your phone number, exact location, device type and error response so we can progress ee.
hi, use __email__. thanks
 hi georgia-mae. if this is a photocard then it won't currently work with the app. we're working on this for the future
hi, we're working closely with to stop this on the network so if you notice it please text all details to 61016. thanks
give us a call from 8am 222 1234 using options 2 then 4 for a refund
morning joe, i'm very sorry for any delays you experienced. we've not had any reported problems but i'll let our control know
please call the helpline on 0343 222 1234 options 2 &amp; 4 and an advisor will look into this for you.
i'm really sorry about this benjamin and will speak to the store manager about this for you.
oh dear! please dm me some info on the store you use
hiya, as this is a promotional product once its gone its gone. i've passed on your support for this product to the buyer
 hi sarah, thanks for getting in touch. is this the juice you need the info for?
.. i can look in to this for you.
really sorry about that ash. please can you dm me your pcn number, vehicle reg and contact details so that ...
hi david you would need to get in touch with the manufacturer as the warranty would have expired after 3 years.
hi abbey, if you can dm us your order number and details we can look into this ~ olly
hu john! we see that you were picked up. is there anything else that we can do to help?
we're sorry to hear about that. can you dm us your phone number and the name of the driver? 
hello. i apologize for the service issue and i would like to check on this for you. please send the phone number associated with your account in a dm for further assistance.
georgia customers, we have been advised that the issue affecting internet services has been resolved.  if you need further assistance please feel free to contact us.
contact telephone number we can try and assist you. 
hi christy, we asked you for some info back on 17 august but we can't see that this was ever received. can you send us this info please? 
what happened after you reported it, christy? did you get a reference? 
we're sorry to hear your baggage got damagaged, christy. did you report this at the airport? 
avez-vous contact votre banque? quand avez-vous rempli le formulaire? 
je vous propose de relancer notre service client, pour vrifier cela via 
bonjour, dsole pour cela, quelle a t la rponse fourni par notre sav concernant ce souci je vous prie ? 
merci de remplir ce formulaire afin que je puisse vrifier votre dossier svp: 
bonjour, quelle tait la rponse du service client  ce sujet lors du chat ? 
apologies for the unpleasant experience, have you reported this to our support here: 
that was amazingly fast &amp; we are happy that you are delighted with this order delivery. 
for the phone which you are looking for.  
apologies on receiving a faulty product. you may visit the website and place an order  
das lsst sich ber twitter schlecht sagen. hast du mal in der sendungsverfolgung des transportdienstes nachgeschaut? 
das ist rgerlich. wre es fr dich praktischer, wenn die sendung dann an eine abholstation umgeleitet wird? 
ohm, das ist dann richtig doof  ich hoffe, ihr findet eine lsung. 
melde dich mal hier 
habt ihr eine lsung gefunden ? oder hat es nicht mehr geklappt? :/ 
das freut mich! dann kann das wochenende ja kommen. ;) gru 
which amazon website did you order from? 
hi, no issues have been reported. can you send us a link for the two title please? we can take a look. 
hi, have you been in touch with the publishers to check the details? 
the latest information we have regarding an item's availability will be reflected on our website. 
hi, you will need to speak with the publishers about this,as  said the latest info we have is reflected on the website.
please reach out to us here so we can look into this for you linda  
please request a call back here linda so we can speak wit you 
i have escalated your feedback about "please let me go" for correction. if we can help w/ anything else, let us know!  
i apologise for the frustration, linda! we don't have account access via twitter, but we do want to help any way we can! 
s'agit-il d'un article volumineux ? 
pls fil out this secure form and a specialist will look into this for you 
is there any option to skip login at the bottom of the login? 
hi sorry to hear that, were you given a reason for the delay? 
my apologies erin. has any re-delivery attempt information been provided? 
the issue. please dont provide your details as we consider them to be personal information. our twitter page is public.  
and they should be able to help you out. ()
be assured, returns once scanned are not sent back to the customers. please escalate this with the carrier ()
i get your concern if you have self returned the package kindly connect with the courier as they'll be able to help you with 
please confirm if the order is picked up for the return. you may check the return status here: 
this being a social platform we can not access your amazon account details. ()
i am sorry to see you are experiencing speed issues. having slow speeds and throttling a connection are 2 distinctly different issues. we would be happy to investigate the slow speeds issue. there are dozens of things that can cause slow speeds, packet ... 
please fill in your details using the link: 
apologies for the bad experience with our support. i'd like to help you with the issue.  ()
apologies for the ordeal. could you please let us know if we have missed the estimated delivery date? 
hi, that's odd! is the password saved to pop up automatically on the input screen? 
did the tracking say it was delivered? 
we'd like to take another look into this with you. please reach out via phone/chat here: 
thank you for the update. glad we were able to help!  
please don't provide your order details, we consider it to be personal information. our page is visible to the public. 
sorry about that. id like to help you, please fill this form: 
please don't provide your order details, we consider it to be personal information. our page is visible to the public.
sorry for the delay. id like to help you; please fill this form: 
we have emailed you here: 
we request you to reply to the correspondence sent by us to your registered email id. we'll get this sorted for you. 
i get your disappointment. request you to reply to the email sent by our social media team and we will respond on the same. 
i do get your concern aman, please respond to the email you've received from us and we'll check this for you. 
soon as we receive an update from them.  
i'm sorry it is taking longer than expected. we've escalated the issue to our concerned team, we'll get back to you as  
we cannot guarantee an early delivery. i request you to kindly wait until the estimated delivery date.  
i understand your concern, rushikesh. i'll forward your feedback to the team concerned for review. 
i understand you need the delivery asap. however, the delivery estimate is calculated based on multiple criteria.
we're here to help! send us a note at 
we're here to help! send us a dm (direct message) with your email address so we can assist.
here to help! send us a note at 
hello there! it seems a member of our team has reached out to you. please check your email and follow up with them there.
please send us a dm so we can follow up on this. 
sorry for the delay john, those are the correct details. you can double check them on the back of your statements as well
hi again, please access 
hola nos puedes escribir a 
thanks. could you try logging out of the app and back in again? does it now show your new releases? /gk
got it. could you dm us your username and email address? we'll take a closer look /jq 
hey yann, help's here! can you let us know the device, operating system, and spotify version you're using? we'll see what we can suggest /gk
hey pam, send us a dm and we can take a look at your upgrade options :) 
oh no, that's not healthy. please shoot me a dm #hereforyou 
we'd like to take a look at this john. meet us in dm with your ktn, date of birth and name as it appears with tsa.
we're very sorry for the upset caused, andy. you can find any updates here: 
if it's something you're interested in: 
have you confirmed your account using your email, liz? you will need to add bookings to your account to earn avios. 
you would need to send us a private message with the requested information. 
happening. for data protection reasons we'll need, your full name, contact email address and the billing address named on your booking. 
were sorry to hear this, our team is working hard to be in touch with you as soon as possible. we appreciate your continued patience. 
we're happy to hear you were rescued. let us know if you need help to get a refund where it's due on your ba ticket. 
we're happy you like it, freddy. we'll see you soon! 
hi there. sorry to hear this. which service are you referring to please?- josh
i can see the 08.22 is delayed by 14 minutes at present. really sorry for today's delay- josh
no reason has been attributed just yet tasmin. really sorry i can't be of more help
hi tasmin. sorry for the delays of late. what service are you travelling on? lewis
hi adil. apologies for the disruption. what journey are you making? lewis
the delays over the last couple of days have been due to signal problems. network rail are working to resolve as quickly as possible. lewis
hi michael. there have been signal issues this week. sorry for any problems the delays have caused. lewis
 hi there. delays are often monitored based on where the train is detected on the track,
oh no, try reloading it with 
staff may be able to reset the router if you speak to them. 
this is one for to help with. 
hi nicola, it can take up to 28 days to receive a full response from our customer resolution team 
can you dm us your reference number please and we can look into this for you? 
this was delayed due to a fault on this train 
this was due to a fault with a level crossing resulting in minor delays. 
what time was this service booked to depart manchester? 
which service are you on this evening? 
thanks, i'm pulling up the schedule now. 
please provide the best call ahead number via dm, thanks. 
thank you for your response. it looks as though there has been some intermittent connectivity with your modem for the last few days. this would require a service appointment to have the matter addressed. we ask that you please send your general availabi... 
good evening! i would really like to help with your internet services. when you can plz dm your phone number and address to chat? 
can you try uninstalling the app and then reinstall? this should resolve any issues. rob
...refund plus a goodwill gesture to apologise for the inconvenience. steven  
apologies greg, what store were these purchased from? steven
hi there, really sorry about that. could you send me a picture of the receipt please? mariya
really sorry about that. that's heartbreaking to see! did any of the bottles survive? corey
we like to get into the festive spirit nice &amp; early. steven
hi barnesy, could you dm me on the below link some more information please? mariya 
sorry for the delay rosy. i've responded to your dm now. amanda
sorry for this rosy! could you dm your name and nectar card via the link below? i'll add the 50p in points. ewan 
hi simmone, we currently deliver specialbuys and wine but will pass your suggestion on. thanks.
hi. let's sort this out. have you tried it on a different browser? you may also try to clear cache and cookies.
thanks for the update. have you tried downloading through this link: 
glad you enjoyed it, nicola! 
hi julie, thanks for your query. if you send us a dm, our customer services team will be able to advise. thanks.
hi sharon, we're sorry to hear you feel this way. we'll be sure to pass your feedback on. thanks.
looks like a great party, hannah! 
witch better have my candy! tell us which treat you'd like the most to win a bag of goodies from us! #halloween 
wed be happy to check stock of the wine advent calendar in your local area. please dm us to speak to customer services. 
tis (almost) the season to be jolly!  who else is enjoying the #christmascountdown? 
hi rebecca, our specialbuys are very popular and limited in stock, so they often sell out very quickly 
hi dave, thanks for your feedback on this. we'll be sure to pass it on. thanks.
we'll make sure that your feedback is passed on to our packaging team, dave.
our choccy biccies are pretty good 
hi there, we're sorry to hear about this. if you send us a dm, our cs team will be able to advise. thanks.
hi there, we're sorry to hear about this. if you send us a dm, our customer services team will be able to advise. thanks.
hi amy, sorry to hear this. if you let a store know, we will refund you for the overcharge. thanks.
hi vicki, we're sorry to hear this. if you send us a dm, our customer services team will be able to advise. thanks.
hi, sorry to hear this, which store did you place your order through  
hi lilly, sorry we got it wrong! could you send us a dm so we can put it right for you? 
hi travis, thanks for contacting us. airbnbs default position is not to censor/edit/delete reviews unless it violates review ()
we've not forgotten about you, we're actively chasing this up! thanks for your patience.
hi, thanks for your patience with us. the website will be updated tomorrow so you know now, the height is 58cm with a diameter of 14cm. i hope this helps. many thanks.
hi, the height was for the whole plant with the diameter being for the pot on the foxtail grass. this has now been updated online for the confusion!
we're looking into this with our homeware team and we'll be in touch once we have more information. thanks.
sorry to hear issue persists. i've alerted hotel &amp; was advised that the incoming manager is arriving w/n 10 mins &amp; is in charge of reviewing details. i've requested them to email you w/n 24 hrs. otherwise, pls ring front desk later today to follow-up. regards.  
sorry for the dismay. our records show that details were forwarded &amp; hotel was given full 48 hrs to reach out to you. we apologize for the inconvenience. pls don't hesitate to ring front desk at 4408719021580 to speak with duty manager immediately. regards.  
hi! sorry to hear the issues you had with your booking. please allow me to follow up on your concerns and have the opportunity to regain your faith in us. kindly dm us the details of your concern along with your confirm# and contact info. thanks  
gracias por ponerse en contacto con nosotros. estar encantada de ayudarle en este sentido. puedo tener su nmero de rewards club ,numero y nombre completo en su reserva ,nombre y la ubicacin del hotel por mensaje privado por favor? gracias  
i'm truly sorry to learn about your dismay. i've searched our department's system &amp; i'm unable to locate any correspondences from you. pls let us know how we could help, kindly dm concern, booking info, member number &amp; email address  
there will be a new timetable in december alistair but this has not been released yet. 
moved as soon as that was clear, making it not possible to alight.  
due to the congestion being on the mainline, stopping at raynes park would mean there was just as much of a problem, sorry for the 
hi andrew, you can find more information about this here 
we do not have any further information to release currently. 
we have a slight system issue on mshwari on our side, apologies for the inconvenience caused. 
hello kelvin, dm your names and id number, we check and advise. 
we've updated your menu, you should now be able access m-shwari. 
thank you for the information. kindly forward the number via sms to 333 for free and we will investigate it. 
hey mercy, sorry about that. dm us your account number and contact number we check on it. 
hi, this is a handset issue as the sim works well on other phones. have your phone checked by a reliable phone technician. 
 anytime carlos, anytime. 
..been reactivated for short codes. 
request you to share your mobile number so we can assist you better. rgds, yogita 
sorry for the inconvenience caused. please dm your idea contact number and handset model no. to assist you further. regards,sneha. 
hi, i will look into your tweets from yesterday and get back to you asap.
apologies for any inconvenience, you can contact our customer relations team here: 
i have passed this information on, and it will be further investigated(2)
apologies for that tommy. this information is provided by the train companies.(1)
as stated on our site advance tickets are only available for purchase until 1800 the evening before travel i'm afraid. phil.
will be able to confirm this.
unfortunately we don't set the ticket prices, these are set by the train operators.
if you select the small arrow next to 'other tickets' you have the option of purchasing an 'off peak' ticket.
you should still be able to purchase a ticket from the machine at the station before travelling.
near the option of buy it now, there should be a down arrow at the side which allows you to change the ticket type.
hi there, are you looking at travelling from a station with ticket machines?
let's get your voicemail working as expected. please tell us about what's going on in dm. 
we can help. as long as this app supports family sharing, you'll be able to download it by following the steps in our article. give them a shot, and let us know if this continues: 
 hello. we'd love to help with your concern, but we would need to gather some details on your description of the concern. could you send us a dm and let us know the ios version installed? also, did it seem like this since first using the iphone x? 
thanks for that video. let's look deeper into this with you. dm us what country you are in and we'll continue from there. 
we'll be happy to assist. are you getting any errors when you try to open the mac app store?
when did you start to see this happening? have you tried safe mode yet? if not here's how: 
let's dig further in via dm to see what we can figure out. are you able to access itunes and the itunes store fully? 
thanks for the extra info, we've just replied to your dm 
hi lorraine,  have you managed to make a claim? please dm us more information about what's happened: 
okay, drop us a dm so we can help further: 
 did you chat to us on the link we sent? if so what was advised? dm if you prefer.  
hi jo  please chat with us so we can check this for you. 
 do you have a tariff on your account ella? chat to us here &amp; we'll take a look at this for you: 
if you're unable to call 2220, then log into your my o2 account to update your marketing references: 
 what texts are these, florence? are these coming through to you with a 5 digit shortcode? 
ah, we're glad you got it sorted! give us a shout if there's anything else we can help with. we're only a tweet away! 
 could you send us over a screenshot of what's happening please? we'd like to help: 
 what's happened exactly? what is it that you've ordered? dm us some more info, we'd like to help: 
hi becky  please chat with us so we can look into this for you. 
hey mike. what's going on? it sounds like you're having problems with our mobile app?
...is already attached to an account. please try signing in rather than signing up, and let us know if it works. 
it looks like your trueblue account was created successfully on october 19--so you're not able to sign up because the email address... 
hello! we don't have access to your amazon account via twitter. when you have time please get in touch with us here: 
sorry to hear about your order issue. please reach our to us by phone or chat here: 
can you please reach out by phone/chat on the link in the previous message. 
hi, have you also checked your spam and junk folders? it can sometimes happen that an email from us can go there.
hi vyinn, kindly dm us the guest's ic copy for verification. thank you.
kindly dm us the booking number with copy of passport (international) or nric (domestic) for further assistance.-sha
we have amended accordingly and resent the itinerary. kindly check your mailbox. thanks-sha
we have amended accordingly and resent the itinerary. kindly check your mailbox. thanks-sha
 will take 14 workings day to reflect at your bank account. thank you- mariya
it has been fully refunded aftah =) yana
we can see that the booking wemyur was already processed for refund and it has been sent to the bank on the 25th oct aftah
hi aftah, can we have your booking number for further assistance. thanks-sha
hi there, sure, but we need more information. kindly dm us the guest's full name, email address used and flight dates.
hi aisham, we're sorry to inform you, there's no cancellation are allowed after booking has been confirm. thank
sorry about this erin, i will feed this back to our buyer, could you dm me what store you use? :)
oh no! please could you dm your more card number, or your home address if you don't have one
oh dear! please could you dm me some more information
please report this to our critical response line by tapping the 'call me' button at 
we'll be happy to take a look into this with you. could you please send us a dm with what country you're located in so we can get started? 
this is not an expected nor does it sound normal. we can understand your view on this and would like to take a closer look. can you let us know where this heat seems originate on the mac? send us a dm. 
that's great news! thanks for keeping us updated. if you run into any other issues, please let us know. have a great weekend.
we definitely understand where you're coming from. let's take a deeper look into this. send us a dm and we'll get started. 
we know how important apps and app updates can be. we'd like to help. does this happen when you're using wi-fi or cellular data? is there another network you can try?
have you had a chance to connect to your charger? please let us know in dm what happens when you do that. 
we're happy to help. when you say your iphone crashed, could you please provide a few more details? also, which software version are you using?
thanks for reaching out. we'd like to know more to help. are you referring to the podcast app, music or a different app? let us know and we'll take it from there.
to be sure we provide accurate information, can you tell us which device you're using?
our itunes store team would be happy to look into this with you. reach out to them here:  
ok! thank you for those details. so we can take a closer look, please let us know in dm if you have updates available for either app in the app store. 
no worries. dm refers to direct message. it's a space that'll provide more room for us to work. you can get there using this link: 
is this imovie for ios or for the mac?
we're happy to help out. can you tell us more about these issues? thanks!
you're welcome. we're here to help if you have questions in the future.
while we don't have a direct answer for you today, wed encourage you to leave feedback at:
thanks for the question. you can navigate to settings &gt; podcasts and set the download feature to manual. this will keep episodes from downloading until you are ready. also, you can set it up to delete played episodes.
we know how important it is to have a phone that you can rely on. we'd love to work with you to see what we can do to get your phone up and running again. dm us the exact ios version you are running. you can find this in settings &gt; general &gt; about. 
we are happy to help. please dm us and we will continue from there. 
after attempting so many tries to enter the restrictions passcode, your device will prompt you to wait an extended time before letting you try again.
we'd be happy to take a look into this with you. could you please send us a dm so we can gather some information and get started? 
thanks! there are a couple of different ways. in any app that has the sharing icon, photos, for example, you can choose to share directly to notes. 
from the notes app directly, you can tap the plus sign to bring up a photo sharing menu.
sure thing! we are glad to help! could you let us know which ios version you are running? the process has changed a little, and we want to make sure were giving you the best direction. you can find this info at settings &gt; general &gt; about.
thanks for reaching out. you can still leave a group text if you're using imessage. if any users are not using imessage, you can then mute the notifications. this article explains in more detail: 
we're here if you have any questions.
if you're using ios 11, a group message including users not on ios devices can be muted, but you won't have the option to leave the group.
you're welcome to leave feedback about this feature here:  
you're most welcome. enjoy your day!
we'd like to take a closer look at this with you to figure out what's going on. reach out to us via dm. when you do, be sure to confirm what type of device you're using, along with the specific version of ios 11 that's currently installed. 
happy to help! please check your dm's for more instructions.
info and tips on what to do if you're having difficulty entering billing and credit card details: 
that's odd. please power cycle your network devices and try again:
hello there! once an online id is created it can't be modified. info here: 
thanks for letting us know. have you had a chance to check the ringer volume on your iphone? alarms match the volume you set for your ringer, so that alarm sound may be too low. 
dm if you check these settings, and need further assistance. 
hello. we are here to help. has this happened previously. also, what is your ios version?
sorry for the trouble. we've received your details. please allow us some time and we'll reach out to you. 
vielen dank fr dein feedback. gebe ich gerne weiter! 
alright. thanks for providing those added details. rebooting is a great troubleshooting step to try. just to clarify, can you tell us the steps that were taken to reset the device?
we've received your dm and can continue there. 
lets work together to get this resolved. to be sure were on the same page, are you noticing and issue with the music app, or a different app?
bonjour, pourriez-vous m'expliquer davantage la situation s'il vous plat ? 
j'en suis vraiment navr. l'avez-vous signal  notre sav ? 
d'accord, veuillez nous tenir informs si vous avez reu l'email de remboursement.
vous m'en voyez navre :/ je vous invite  vrifier ceci auprs de notre sav via : 
has this happened for other orders aswell? 
and what's the tracking of the order now? 
hi, is there a neighbour who can hold the parcel if the business address is closed? 
hmm. can you tell us who the courier is for this parcel? 
thanks for confirming, liz! please contact us by phone or chat so that we can help investigate further: 
details as we consider them to be personal information. our twitter page is visible to public.  
hi steve, please can you advise which website you are trying to book the tickets? 
hi steve, looks like having an issue with the system. let me report this. 
support team here: 
hi mick, did you receive a calling card? is your parcel listed as out for delivery again today: 
hi, please reach out to us here: 
thank you for the question. but we are unable to inform you when or if we will. if we do, we will let you know on our website.
you may change the shipping address if the new address is within the same city. please connect to our  
hi lee. you can get in touch via this link: 
hi. were you give advice on how to remove the lock from your account? 
we are awaiting the best call back number, so we can setup the appointment for you. 
happy to help! send us a note here, 
let's look into that! send us a note at 
we can definitely take a look! send us a dm with your email address and details so we can follow up.
we see your outreach and a member of our team will be following up via email as soon as possible. we appreciate your patience.
we absolutely want to follow up right away. please send us a dm with your email address so we can connect.
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can connect.
we'll just leave this here  #everylittlehelps
sorry to know that! please post your issue here for further assistance: 
hi! sign in here to verify you are using the correct email and password: 
please follow us on twitter and let us know once you do, so we can send you a dm.
happy to help! please try restore licenses to refresh your purchases: 
please follow us via twitter and let us know so we can send you a dm with further instructions. thanks!
please check your dms for further assistance.
here to help! you can also try to do the purchase through our web store: 
please check your dm's for more instructions.
sorry for the inconvenience. please follow the steps in the next link: 
sorry you feel that way. we cant make any promises, but your feedback has been noted and passed onto the team /ma
hey lara, we appreciate your feedback! don't worry, we'll let our devs know this is something you'd like to see /gk
hey there! can you fire over the device and operating system you're using? we'll see what we can suggest /pl
hi matt! thanks for pointing this out; we'll get this reported. we'll be right here if you need anything else in the meantime /t
hey margaret, help's here! can you dm us your account's username and email address? we'll do some digging  /tr 
hey rue! right now, the 30-day premium trial is unavailable. if you haven't been on a subscription before, can you dm us your account's username and email address? we'll see what we can suggest /sy 
hmm. is this happening after a specific song plays? also, are you using a wired or wireless connection? /ay
just to confirm, are you listening on playstation via connect? if so, what device, operating system, and spotify version are you using? /ay
got it. could you send us your account's email address or username via dm? we'll take a closer look /ay 
hey! can you tell us more about what's happening? are you getting any error messages? a screenshot of what you can see would be handy /ay
we would love to tell you about all the deets about our new plan! send us a dm and we'll assist you further. :) 
i am #heretohelp i need you back in the dm's so we can move forward :) 
any expenses incurred, will need to be followed through with american airlines.  
hi nick, can you tell us a little more? we'll do all we can to help. 
we're very sorry for the inconvenience this delay caused, nick. 
hi david, i would be happy to look into this for you. please dm your account information so we can take a look. 
okay, if you need any assistance going forward please let us know. 
unfortunately, we do not offer whole house dvr. i can look into your internet speed issues, can you please dm your account or primary phone number? 
hello lrry, is there anything i can assist you with? 
hi there diogo. thanks for raising this. i will query this with the station manager
hi ben. there are some signal problems on the route. sorry this wasn't announced. lewis
hi paul. apologies for this. can you pm me your postal address please? 
hi paul. was this a refund request on an unused ticket or a compensation claim for a delayed journey? lewis
hey becky. 
how do you mean nick? 
we'll pass your comments on regarding your experience, nick 
that's what we like to see joe! faiza.
they can't be stopped because messages are there to provide information to people i'm afraid. 
thanks! we've passed this info onto our expert- they will review and get back to you asap.  
hi there, sorry for the trouble, please refer the feedback link and check if you are facing the same issue: 
hi there, there are couple of recommendations mentioned in the article? have you tried them all? thanks, 
thanks for confirming. the team is working to fix these issues as soon as possible. 
if that's the case then i'll recommend you to use the previous photoshop version till we look into this issue. adding dm link. thanks,  
we apologize for the inconvenience. this is a high priority issue and our engineers are on it. for updates see 
thanks for the additional information. we're looking into this and will follow up with next steps asap. 
we're definitely aware of this issue and it is being worked upon. does this workaround helps 
thanks for confirming. we'll pass this info along to our expert. 
sorry about that. are you trying this with a type that has not been transformed yet? adding dm link for more space. thanks,  
sorry about the delay in my response. if wacom keys involve alt+modifier keys, then it is a known issue and we're working on it. thanks, 
please go to this location c:\users\username\appdata\roaming\adobe\adobe photoshop cc 2017 copy every thing &amp; paste into ps cc 2018 folder.
hi there, could you please let us know which operating system are you using?     
hi christine, if youd prefer not to call you can use our online form instead 
hi christine, we dont have any known issues here. give us a call on 0345 301 2724 and well see how we can help. maclaine
apologies georgina, what store was this purchased from? steven
... we'll get this logged and pop on some points so you're not left out of pocket. faiza.  
really sorry about this! can you send us the barcode number for the marmalade? if you dm us your nectar card number... 
...refund plus a goodwill gesture to apologise for the inconvenience. steven  
no problem louise. thank you for informing us of the issue this will help us to review and improve our product's and service. gordon
apologies louise, what store was this purchased from? steven
we like to get into the festive spirit nice &amp; early. steven
not that we know of luke! when were you visiting? can you dm us some more information please? faiza. 
no problem, enjoy your day! mariya
hi lisa, it's at the store managers discretion whether they choose to accept the item. i'd advise you to call the store in advance. mariya
aww that's amazing terry! well done. lauren
hey, could you direct message us and explain in detail what issue you are experiencing along with your gamertag?
glad to hear that you were able to lock down a xbox one x scorpio edition :). that's certainly great feedback to leave on our feedback page here: 
hi, we are sorry to hear that is happening . you can use this guide to help with connecting the controller to the console. 
got ya, let's check out your warranty/repair options here: 
want to know how to get 4k and hdr set up for your xbox one s or xbox one x console? details here: 
hi there! could you power cycle 
let's have you try resetting your router/modem and power cycling: 
would you mind sending a picture of your network stats: settings&gt;network&gt;network settings&gt;detailed network statistics 
latest system update: 
thanks for that! let's have you try factory resetting your console to get it to redownload the  1 
let's go ahead and uninstall the app then reinstall it and check if this still happens. 
thanks for trying that! since you're still seeing this issue after the steps we sent, we recommend reaching out to the   
live chat team to explore some possible options 
thanks for that. do you notice any issues when you try to log into 
hi there! we'd be happy to help with this. to make sure, are both your phone &amp; xbox app fully up to date?  
hi! let's have you follow us, dm us your gamertag, and some more info about what you're seeing: 
hi! let's have you follow us, dm us your gamertag, and some more info about what you're seeing: 
hi there. this link here should have some more insight regarding this message that you're seeing 
hi, to follow up, were you able to unlock any achievements? 
have an xbox support question &amp; haven't heard back from us yet? send another tweet our way if you need help!
thanks for clarifying. 4k passthrough from other devices would not be supported: 
hi there! if you happen to notice any 4k issues, we recommend the steps over in our guide here 
...internal review. sorry again for the inconvenience. shaun 
all of our trollies should be updated to accept the new pound coin. have you tried putting it on the top of the insertor? ewan
sorry susan. can you confirm which store you visited please? we will ensure this is fed back for you. thanks. gordon
thanks for all the info susan. there are no known issues that we are aware of so i've logged this for... 
...running tomorrow as normal. sorry for the inconvenience caused. shaun 
hi joe, which store did you visit? i'll find out what's happening. ewan
hi joe. a delivery was received last night and another is expected this evening so they'll be up and... 
@121107, we can take a look please dm full address and primary name on the account.  = jj 
hi there, weve replied to your dm!
hi there, weve replied to your dm!
there's some congestion on the mainline which is affecting woking services. 
three train faults and leaf fall affecting the running of trains. 
have much f an impact, but together have caused a small amount of mainline congestion.  
late running engineering work on a section of track. 
near clapham, a member of crew was delayed in getting to the site. 
headlights, one had a problem with the way that the driver addresses signals, and one had a door fault. individually they did not 
i've also been made aware of a late running empty train earlier this morning which increased the problem. one service lost 
i appreciate the frustration of the delays, i can assure you they are not intentional and we aim for passengers to be on time. 
this link would suggest to keep checking the website for future announcements. updates will be posted there.  
longer trains are already being introduced to suburban and windsor routes. you can see further informaiton on our franchise through 
the 08:31 arrives at 09:03, only 4 mins after the schduled arrival of the 08:38 service. 
hello, the 08:31 starts from hampton court and would have have been the next appropriate service. did you manage to board the train?  
hello, on the previous journey, the train encounter a fault causing a delay to the next journey. this is the reason the train ran fast. 
hi paul, all information including timetables and a map can be found here &gt; 
network, not specifically that area. we're working very hard to improve the service.  
automatic in the future. more information can be found here &gt; 
hi badger, sorry for the delay. could you please forward your claim to __email__.  
 share your name, id number and amount purchased. 
hi,this was a purchase done through pesapal you will need to contact them on on 0706191729(chargeable) for assistance.
hi, dm a reachable contact number we can reach you on to assist. 
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
hey jay  is this the first time you're registering for it? have you made any changes to your number recently?
it's your lucky day! check out our shop here: 
we'd love to have you with us ross  do you have something in mind you'd like?
that's great to hear  we hope you enjoy your new phone. if you ever need us, give us a shout.
hi there  what's happened to make you say this exactly? please dm us more info, we'd like to help. 
nothing to worry about josh. delivery times are shown when ordering, we'll update you by email/text once it's dispatched.
hi jase, what makes you say that? costs can vary depending on the device and tariff you choose.
the early upgrade programme means your current device would pay off your remaining device plan costs jase.
you wouldn't need to pay off your device plan if on our yearly upgrade programme jase - 
 we'd recommend speaking to the manufacture about that andy.
grab a free screen replacement when you order one of the latest samsung phones with o2. 
 please check this guide: 
looking back at the previous postcode you've given, we've been working there in the last 24 hours. try rebooting your phone.
can you dm us the full postcode of the area you're in now? did you contact us so we could take a look at the account? 
do you mean because of this offer &gt; 
hey becky  have you reached your allowance limit? check out our network guide here: 
did you check out the guide we sent over? are you having issues in a specific area? if so, dm us the full postcode. 
we hope you enjoy them 
please try and get a ticket from the conductor otherwise yes you can pay at your destination
some trains have automatic passengers loading counts otherwise, yes they will record and report it
not as far as i'm aware.
they're taking note of the passenger numbers and how full the trains are to see if the lf tt is working or needs changing
well, we all are. hope you have a nice day.
&lt; apart from mon (16 min late) and last mon and tue (both 6 min late), it has left on time, one minute late and 4 mins late
hello, sorry for the delay tweeting you back. in rail terms a train less than 5 mins late is not actually late, &gt;
thanks for letting us know.
a longer train means that it takes longer for it to pass signals which would delay the train/alter the already tight timetable
the lf tt is meant to reduce delays due to slippery rails, but other delays still occur, and we will try to run on time
we appreciate the kudos, julie. we're always here for you #tweetusifyouneedus!
hi. thank you reaching out. to get better assistance and support, we suggest that you post a tweet or dm our friends from or you can chat with them here: 
hola, gracias por escribir. paypal no certifica las cuentas, por favor envanos un dm con explicacin de lo que deseas hacer con tu cuenta, para poder informarte correctamente, saludos.  
apologies for the delayed response. please check your inbox. 
have questions about your paypal account? ask the community: 
hey there. sorry for the delayed response. please send us a dm with your paypal email address and a screenshot of the receipt you are referring to. i will be happy to help. 
hi, no card details are send to us if you pay using paypal. please could you send a screenshot so this can be looked into?
thank you very much for your patience. thanks-sha
the team is doing their best and will be updated as soon as possible once it's processed and completed.
hi there, as we check refund team has already liaise with bank to get reference number and this is on progress. &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
high priority to the respective team to expedite your case. we really appreciate your patience. thanks-sha
as it has already been process. we will provide you with the arn number once obtain by the relevant team. thanks
as per system your case has been escalated to the respective team to handle. 
however,  we've send an email with &gt;&gt;&gt;
hi there, ronald! how  may we assist you?
hi murugan may we have your booking number please and ak36 for which day? thanks-emir
do you need help with something? 
sorry to hear that. 
hey! this bogo is an amazing offer. in order to qualify for this particular offer, adding a line is required, but if that doesn't work for you, we have a ton of other offers. check them out here: 
hey! we'd love to check out all of your options to get in on the deal. the add a line cost is typically significantly less than the cost of the device you'd be receiving in the deal. dm me, so we can chat. 
we're all about finding the best deal and best way to do that howard just replied to your dm, and look forward to hearing back from you. 
hi crystal! we're here for you and would love to work with you on your account. it's important that it's set up and billing accurately. please send us a dm so we can get started. thank you! 
hello. we don't currently have an expected date to carry oann. the best way to request that we start carrying this channel is to submit a request for it through our customer feedback form, which can be found through the following link: 
sorry to hear that, were you given a reason for the delay? 
is there any information regarding when another attempt will be made? 
sorry to hear that. we'll be happy to look into that for you. please reach out to us here: 
for the fastest resolution, please reach us directly by choosing "phone" or "chat" when using rs's link, above. 
choose reason &gt; choose issue &gt; choose the mode of contact phone, e-mail or chat. () 
please click on the link and follow the path: login or skip sign in &gt; choose an option &gt; () 
sorry that the pickup is still pending. please contact us here: 
hey, yes brighton is included! 
please reach out here so we can check this for you 
please keep us posted charlotte. 
hi lucy, is the game shipping to an address in the uk? 
hmmm, odd! please use this link to provide details and i'll personally investigate this for you: 
you can expect a contact from us with in 12 hours! 
no problem. 
all the promotions displayed on our website are 100% genuine. the winners are announced here: 
sorry about that. id like to help you, please fill this form: 
glad to hear that. please keep us posted if you need any further assistance. 
your order details, we consider it to be personal info. our page is visible to the public. ()
i'm sorry about the delay in the delivery of your order. please provide your details ()
hi, betty. flights will start from may 2018. will this be a regular jaunt? 
hi larry, thanks for getting back to us. if you ever want to check flights for a specific day our sales team will be happy to assist you. 
hi larry, thanks for the help! we hope you'll be joining us on board soon too! 
hi betty. we have flights showing once a week from 15 december. 
hi manpal, we're sorry to hear you're disappointed with the outcome of your complaint. whilst we understand it must have been very frustrating for you to be with out your bag, we don't offer compensation for delayed baggage. please accept our apologies for any upset caused. 
we understand, manpal. of course we're here if you need help with anything else. 
sorry for any disappointment, john. i'm afraid the bags need to be within the measurements allowed for baggage, or the bag would be classed as an additional piece. many thanks. 
hi john, this is disappointing to hear. we've passed on your comments to our customer experience team and will do all we can to avoid this happening again. 
unfortunately, we don't currently have wi-fi on this route, howie. however, we're currently in the process of rolling it out on all of our aircraft and hope to have this completed by 2019. 
hi howie, we're currently testing the wifi on this route. 
hi, ryan. could you dm us your seat preference please? we'll then certainly help if we can. we'll also need your booking ref, full name and contact number. many thanks. 
anytime at all, andy. we're here , feel free to reach out anytime. 
we just like to make sure our customers have the opportunity to give thorough feedback, andy. i'll pass on your comments though. have a great weekend. 
sorry to hear this, we hope you're on the mend soon, alan. 
than the flight you're seeing from los angeles.  
we're thrilled to hear you enjoyed your time on board, sheila. the cost of seats on flights, depends on availability. the prices will be higher if the flight is busy. it sounds as though the flights you're looking at from phoenix are busier 
we're sorry to hear you're unhappy with our on board products, nick. we appreciate your feedback and we'll make sure it's fed back to our customer experience team. 
hello, annie. i'm sorry you are having issues with your cable. please send me a dm with your account name and phone or account number and i will be happy to assist you.
hello, i'm sorry you are having problems with on demand. please send me a dm with your account name and phone or account number and i will be happy to assist.
the modem appears to be online and shows a good signal on all incoming channels. i see that it is passing an ip address to an external router. do you have issues with both hardwired and wireless devices? 
i understand your concern. no cost emi is applicable on select sellers only. please referrer to the faqs  
your order/account details, we consider it to be personal info. our page is visible to the public. ()
this doesn't sound right! have you reported this to our support team  ()
have you tried reinstalling it or trying it on another device? 
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address and more details so we can follow up.
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can connect.
here to help! send us a note here, 
we'd be happy to follow up on this for you. send us a dm with your email address/phone number and our team will review.
we want to follow up. can you please send a note our way via 
let's look into that! send us a note at 
happy to help! send us a note here, 
here to help! send us a note at 
i certainly apologize for any inconvenience. has anyone been able to look into this matter for you, or did you still need assistance?  .
techs are working to resolve an issue with the feeds for hgtv and the food channel for our customers in ohio.
i apologize for any issues please dm us your account number or phone number so we can assist you. 
i can have the engineers look into your profile. dm me your username please.
hello, have you tried to access the app from other devices instead of the roku?
good evening, i apologize for the inconvenience.  if you would please dm your account number, full address, and telephone number, i would be happy to look into this for you. 
i truly apologize once again for the issues. please let us know if any assistance is needed as we'd be happy to help.  .
i apologize for the inconvenience. if there is anything i can do to assist you in the future please feel free to reach out to us directly with the phone or account number in a private message. 
our apologies for any frustrations or inconvenience john. is there anything we may be able to assist with?  .
good evening mike, i apologize for the inconvenience. how may i be of assistance to you today? 
thanks for understanding. if we can help with anything else, just give us a shout /ay
hey nicolai! we're afraid it's currently not possible, but we appreciate your feedback. we'll get it passed on to the right folks /ay
apologies artyom, this service arrived into waterloo 2 mins late. 
that's not what we like to hear. please be sure to file a claim with the final carrier so we can get you reunited quickly.
i would be happy to look into this for you. please dm your account phone number and address so we can pull it up. 
hi casi, i apologize for the inconvenience this is causing.  i am sorry to say that currently your area is experi... 
you are welcome casi, please do not hesitate to reach out to us in the future with any inquiry you may have. 
hi there hannah. we are hoping these will be available by the end of the week
indeed we are hannah. keep an eye on our website: 
hi there. really sorry for this. this has been due to signalling issues in the area
hi jon. apologies for this. which service are you referring to please?
hi paul. we're hoping to release them this week. when available this page will be updated: 
hi. if you send details to __email__ this can be looked into and addressed with the staff concerned. lewis
hi laura.  if you register it lost here: 
i'll pass on your feedback. 
sorry for that, it was due to a track issue at tamworth. 
i will pass on this feedback. 
you need to leave a message and if it is found then they contact you. 
hi donald, what issues are you having? 
thanks! just let us know if you find it. lauren
hi there, sorry about this. could you send me a pic of the barcode please? which store did you buy this from? robbie
as per checking the flight will be on as per usual .thanks-emir
please provide your booking number to check and we will advice you accordingly. thanks-emir
please proceed to the website to see available flight you prefer manoj. we will assist you accordingly ya
sorry as that is the options provided. as it is a fly-thru booking. thanks- ed
&gt;&gt; your booking. sorry for the inconvenience
sorry we unable compensate of the hotel. and if your option of full refund kindly email us via 
hi, apologies on the inconvenience caused and flight cancellation, may we have your prefer options to assist further.sorry-mi
you may proceed to claim for a full refund, credit shell or move flight .please notify us of your selection.thanks-emir
your booking number is incorrect.please check first and revert back to us .thanks-emir
may we have your booking number for a check please manoj? =) yana
we have replied you via dm.thanks-emir
as of now only certain flights are affected.may we have your booking number to check and confirm ? thanks-emir
we have replied your via dm.thanks-emir
apologies henry, can you confirm the barcode of this product? what store was this purchased from? steven
could you confirm the barcode number please? i'll ensure your feedback is logged with the relevant team for internal review. steven
..packaging. each time we review a product, we also review the packaging. the challenge we face is to reduce packaging without...
we share your concerns about the effects of plastic on the environment and, for a number of years, have been focused on reducing our...
...sacrificing its importance and effectiveness. i've logged your comments and have fed this back to the buyers, have a good day. rob 
hi elaine, can you resend your request via the link and i'll see what i can sort for you? thanks, liz 
apologies sarah, what store were these purchased from? steven
...full refund. steven 
prices will go up and down depending on a number of factors but well always aim to give our customers value for money. i'll get your...
...feedback logged with the relevant team for internal review. if you dm your nectar card number using the below link i'll arrange a... 
glad you're a fan george, happy shopping. steven
...if you speak to a colleague in store they'll be happy to assist. rob 
i'm very sorry jake. could you send a picture of your receipt? dan
sorry about that jake! were you able to raise this with one of my colleagues in the cafe at the time?
hi jake, we change menu's in regards to the time of the season. certain items are only available in summer, winter etc...
...look into this for you. steven  
thanks for that! were our colleagues in store able to help with this? marc
awesome! have a good day! marc
sorry about this kurt! can you confirm which store this happened in please? lauren
th store had opened back up on sunday. however, there is a limited range of frozen/fresh items at the moment. mariya
hi lauren, are you referring to the store on clay lane? faiza.
let's work on that mahesh! is it about making calls over volte on reliance jio sim card with a lumia 950 phone?
we would suggest that you reach out to reliance jio on how you can use this feature. tweet us for more inquiries.
 on this link: 
perfect! it's our pleasure to assist you. please let us know more about your experience here:
we'll be waiting for the screenshot, darren. keep us posted.
hmm. we'd like to know which windows version are you using? are you getting any error message? let us know.
hi! thanks for bringing this up. which browser are you using that requires java? is it the default browser on your pc?
 thanks for the screenshot. we have found a discussion that may help you resolve your concern. refer to stanimal21's post
we hope you enjoy it, siwan!
i"m really sorry to hear that mike, there's been a missort in your package that sent it out of state and it's been rerouted back to you. we will do a saturday delivery for you. your package will be attempted tomorrow.  
hi matt, we're sorry to hear that. please send us a dm or call 0800 042 0800 to find out about local stock levels. thanks.
hi matt, please rest assured that a member of the team will be in touch as soon as possible. thanks.
hi felicity, we're sorry to hear that. please send us a dm or call 0800 042 0800 to find out about local stock levels. thanks.
hi christine, thanks for your query. if you send us a dm, our customer services team will be able to advise. thanks.
hi christine, it is a direct message. alternatively, you can give us a call on 0800 042 0800 
hi matt, we're sorry to hear that. please send us a dm or call 0800 042 0800 to find out about local stock levels. thanks.
hi gurdeep, these are out today. please send us a dm or call 0800 042 0800 to find out about local stock levels. thanks.
hi jason, thanks for your query. if you send us a dm, our customer services team will be able to advise. thanks.
hi paul. our specialbuys are very popular and limited in stock, so they often sell out very quickly 
hi there, thanks for your query. if you send us a dm, our customer services team will be able to advise. thanks.
hi ev. our dms are open, so you should be able to message us. just click on the envelope in the right hand corner.
hello, unfortunately a convenience check can't be printed from your residence. 
hello, were here to help. please let us know what we can do? thank you. 
we're sorry to hear this. please send us a message if you have any questions in the future. 
hello, for help, please contact online banking tech support at 800-933-6262. 
you're welcome. have a great weekend! 
hello, your security and protection is our top priority &amp; we continuously monitor activity on all of our customer's cards. 
hello, please visit 
hi kourtney, pls let us know how we can help you with your account &amp; we'll follow up with you at the phone # that we have. 
thanks for reaching out. please send your name/zip/phone and ill call.  
we'll share your thoughts with our womenswear team to consider moving forward. thanks 
all our trousers in 20 long can be found here &gt; 
we do try to match our demand, so previously the reason our range is smaller in that size is due to a lack of demand. 
hi, if there were no other passengers on the platform, i assume that is why it departed at 05:48. 
hi, sorry you missed your train, this has been raised previously so sorry to hear this has happened again. please can you dm us more details, such as what time you arrived at the station etc...? 
(2)  with registered owner's name so that we can check the system configuration and provide you the steps. 
why your laptop #battery hates extreme temperatures, and other useful battery details. 
i can understand your concern and we regret the inconvenience caused to you. please dm us the system service tag along (1)
train you'd like me to investigate for you?  
train. may i ask where this information was provided from please?  
passed through various areas.  
to return to the depot.   
the first train delay was caused by overrunning engineering works. the engineering train (once finished in the engineering area) had 
a train that was delayed earlier, has caused a knock-on delay to several services during the journey as it has 
of time it takes to carry out.  
#engineeringswr engineering works on  november, many trains altered and buses replace some trains 
 hi, we are following up on your reversal request under ticket number 1-dbd7fc9. you will be notified once completed. 
thanks for your patience and understanding.
 we are on it.
apologies for the trouble. as informed earlier, please wait for a day.still your request is not proceed, get back to us.
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
thank you for sharingyour details with us. we have forwarded your issue with our concern team you will get the revert soon.
sorry for trouble. we want to inform you that, you can avail this offer through idea website:
this isn't a number we're familiar with keith, are you with us at the moment?
ah okay, we're sorry for any confusion. this is one of our numbers, did we explain why we were calling today? dm us  
hi keith, can you please let us know the full number and we'll check if this is us?
 has the payment today been taken by direct debit shannon? dm us. 
ah, okay  just to clarify, has this been sorted now?
no problem, we're glad to hear this has been sorted. we're only a tweet away if we can help with anything else  
hi there. this isn't something we currently offer. however, we do have more for you here: 
grab a phone that's serious about entertainment. the sony xperia xz1 is available now.
hi guy, is there anything we can help you with?
pre-order the iphone x and with our yearly upgrade programme your next upgrade is on us. 
that's what we like to hear john 
 did we confirm this was an error danielle? please dm us some more info so we can advise further. 
hi alan, we're continuing to add compatible handsets. are you due an upgrade soon? have you always had signal issues?
there are other third party calling and messaging apps available alan.
sorry for any disappointment shane. always best to check our website for the most up to date fares 
have you tried selecting the 'multi city' option rather than return or one way? as that should work 
hi denise, we can help you on it, just provide us the booking number and guest ic/passport copy. thanks
hi bassman, may you provide us your booking number ? for us check the fee. sorry for inconvenience caused- mariya
 advise if we can contact you at this hour or brief us more on it for assistance. 
your line has to be registered first. visit our mpesa agents , authorized dealers or our retail centres with your id or passport to register and you will be okay.
kindly advise on what had been advised when you visited these centers. 
you will need to visit huduma centre with your id for details to be compared with the government database for accuracy. 
we admit we could do better, and we will. inconveniences highly regretted.
 you can still reach us through this platform we shall assist. 
 kindly contact us while with the m-pesa agent for further assistance. 
you may need to do this at a ticket office, but you will be able to do this at the station on the day.  
hi jason, i'm afraid these are only available to purchase until 22:00 the day before travel.  
hi there, sorry but can you explain further? we'd like to understand better on your concern. thank you.
i couldn'r comprehend you issue could you please elaborate? 
that's amazing. how are you liking your new product? 
hi sian, orders are often dispatched &amp; delivered on the same day, as our carriers deliver until 9pm. 
hi, for security we can't see your order here. what info is visible: 
as we're unable to view your account via twitter,pls contact here:
hi ellen. which amazon site are the mails from? 
lass das bitte von meinen kollegen klren: 
did you contact us via phone or chat for instant support? 
you can also use the link to get in touch via phone or live chat. 
you can request a call back here 
oh no, sorry to hear that! has a refund been arranged? 
apologies for any inconvenience. you should experience no further issues with your new order. 
sorry to hear that, please get in touch with us here: 
hi, sorry for the wait! please keep us posted, our carrier delivers until 9pm today. 
with our courier services to have the package delivered soon. stay tuned. () 
we understand you're eagerly waiting for your delivery of the amazon echo dot. rest assured our team is actively working()
hi, did you select a one hour or two hour delivery time frame? 
pls contact customer service through the main menu in the prime now app so we can look into this. 
although we try to include bookmarks with several book orders, you may not receive it for every book. ()
im sorry if you have not received a bookmark with any order of the book that you purchased. ()
play music from services like amazon prime music, saavn and tunein. () 
apologies for the trouble. could you please let us know if you have logged in on prime enabled account? 
may i please know what error do you see while trying to access the videos? 
are you using the same login credentials of the amazon prime account ? 
kindly contact our team here: 
you can connect it to speakers or headphones through bluetooth or 3.5 mm stereo cable to () 
okay, please can you send us the store it was purchased in and the catalogue number of the item.
hi there peter can we help today? please send us a dm with your query and we'll do our best to assist! kind regards
hi peter, please confirm has the game been opened? charlotte
well that doesn't sound good, what happened? 
hi, sorry to hear that, contact us here: 
has it been dispatched? is there any tracking available? 
please share your details from the link here: 
im sorry about the issue youre facing with the order. let us look into it. ()
bonjour marine, je suis navre pour cet incident. merci pour votre comprhension. l'avez-vous signal  notre sav ? 
apologies linda, multiple tweets were picked up! the best option is to contact the publisher, they should have more info. 
sorry to hear this. are you able to send a link to the book in question? we'd like to help.  
here's what you can do with amazon pay balance: 
here to help! send us a note at 
here to help! send us a note here, 
let's make it right! which device is giving you trouble? try running through these steps to start: 
no worries, sarah! we've all been there. we hope you get a break soon! let us know if we can assist with anything else. 
they're up, amy! on site, head to the clips section. if you're using a device w/ my stuff, navigate to extras. hope that helps! 
sorry for any trouble! we don't currently have rights to stream content outside the us: 
that's no good! which device is this occurring on? for now, try unplugging your device for a few mins and plugging back in.
you actually can search by network! head to search and type it in or go to browse&gt;networks&gt;a-z. we'll share your other feedback.
sorry you're not a fan! anything specific giving you trouble? we're continuing to make improvements: 
if you're currently subscribed to our limited commercials plan, call/chat so we can check eligibility: 
ok awesome! let us know if you come across trouble in the future. we'll be here to help!
aw man! what device are you using to stream, renee? we want to get you back to  bayside high! try: 
you are welcome.  
hi. that is the total for all three segments at the time you sent this screen shot. 
hey there! could you send us a dm with your account's email address? we'll take a look backstage /ma 
you're good to go as long as you have your british passport and return/onward ticket.
we're sorry. check with the consulate of the country youre entering (or passing through) for your requirements. 
we're so sorry to hear this. is there anything we can help you with? 
this doesn't sound right, when did you travel? 
hi. if you could dm us your full name, booking references, email, postal address and date of birth. 
we'll pass this on to the executive club to look into. thanks.  
thanks for your kind comments, william. we hope you have an amazing flight! 
hi chris, i would be happy to look into this for you. please dm your account info so we can get it pulled up and take a look. 
hi kate, if you'd like to dm your account information i would be happy to look into this for you. 
hi colin, i would be happy to look into this for you. please dm your account information so we can get it pulled up. 
with the royal british legion and welcome their volunteers into our stores. (2)
hi simon, this post is from 2014 and was dealt with at the time. we continue to have a great relationship (1)
hey, i'm really sorry about that. this has been passed onto the manager who will monitor this going forward 
oh dear! please let me know which store this was, when and what time so we can look into it for you. thanks
the store manager &amp; the cafe manager are going to look into this to make sure it doesn't happen again.
i'm really sorry about this and i've passed your comments onto the store manager to look into with the cafe manager
oh, wow!! so sorry. please can you let me know the time you were in store??
mmm, they look so yummy 
hi brad, i am really sorry to hear that, can you dm with more information so i can assist you further?  parm
thank you, i hope you have a good day.  parm amy, i am sorry for that, you can order this item in the store for home delivery and pay with the vouchers.  is that ok? parm
hi hannah, you can call 0345 640   jan
could you try uninstalling and reinstalling the app. marc
hi rich. lovely photo! i hope you enjoyed your journey with us
the cancellations are due to signal problems. lewis
the suspension is due to track circuit failure. there's some info here: 
which service did you catch today please?
hi. compensation for delayed journeys would come to us. you can claim here: 
hi there. apologies for this. this is due to more trains than usual being in for repair
hi michael. glad to hear you are enjoying travelling on one of our new trains! have a great time in london
hi there, could you please dm your adobe id so we can check your account and registration? thanks  
had you reserved a seat with one? 
we can't always guarantee the preferences you request, we'd suggest using the seat picker in future. 
sorry for that. 
great to hear bill  
we'll look into this for you and be in touch asap. shaun
hi mj, yes we do! from 13th-27th november all our stores will offer this facility. ewan
excellent news! i hope you have a lovely day. dan
...to avoid an unnecessary journey. you can find their numbers on our store locator on the following link: 
hey sarah, could you let us know the size you're after? i'll have a look for you. maclaine
really sorry rebecca. did you manage to get it sorted at all? lauren
glad you're a fan, happy snacking. steven
apologies yolanda, what store did you see this in? when did you visit? steven
hi katie, could you dm me some more information on the below link please? mariya 
sorry you feel that way. that's not the experience we want for you. pls dm us more details so we can look into his for you. 
that's certainly not good! was a return case open? please dm us more details on this &amp; we'll get it looked into it for you 
so you bought the item more than 6 mo ago and sent it back for repairs? now they arent returning it? 
let us know if you are still running into the error after doing this 
can i help you? could you maybe dm me and tell me what happened? thanks 
could you please dm me on that with your email address, postcode and full  name on account? thanks charlotte
 odd! if you cancelled the transaction, those fees should be automatically refunded. please dm us with details so we check 
we want to help!be sure to open and close an unpaid item case to make sure you get back the final value fee for that item()
yes, you may book a non-refundable rate so long as it's a qualifying rate. more info can be found here: 
you're welcome. have an awesome day! 
thanks for reaching out to us and for being an ihg rewards club spire ambassador member. i'm afraid you can't. to qualify for the priceless experience promotion, you must use your personal mastercard credit or debit card. hope this clarifies your concern. 
i'm sorry to see your dismay regarding your recent stay. if you are currently in-house pls reach out to the duty manager for immediate assist or dm us details of concern, complete name, booking confirmation number, email address and phone number so iook into it.  
i hear you, maddy. if you could dm us your reservation details (complete name, hotel location and stay dates), we'd be happy to pass your comments along. thanks for being patient! kind regards  
sorry to hear that. upon checking your reservation, it was booked by trivago w/c may come w/ certain restrictions. we are unable to modify the booking because of this. pls work with trivago by calling +1 (866) 937-9072 or online at 
i am sorry to hear about the issues with the sanitation of the bathroom. pls alert the duty manager for immediate assistance or send us a dm with your complete reservation details so we can follow up with the hotel directly and address the matter at once. thanks.  
thanks for staying with us &amp; sorry to see your dismay regarding the issues w/ noise. kindly reach out to the duty manager for immediate assistance. otherwise, dm us your name. booking confirmation number &amp; contact details so i can follow up with the hotel. thanks.  
hi, glad to hear from one of our ihg rewards club gold elite member. i am sorry to hear about the noise. did contact the hotel on your behalf. was able to speak with ricky, manager on duty. he will be reaching out to your shortly with regards to your concern.  
hi. thank you for staying w/ us. sorry to hear this, i'd like to follow- up on this. pls dm us concern details and your contact info. thank you.  
 an ad blocker? let us know 
switch to using a new browser, &amp; see if that helps. i also suggest installing ad block software in your browser to help.  
this isn't what we like to hear michael,can you dm us a screenshot of the page you are seeing? have you also tried installling
hi michael! you can send us screenshots of what you're seeing through dm. we'll keep an eye out!  
unit so it can be fixed.  
hello, we aim to run full trains to the correct timetable. on occasions, trains are short formed due to a fault. is there a specific  
claim delay repay &gt; 
sorry for the short formation today rachael, if you are delayed by 30 minutes or more you can 
hi rahim, work is ongoing to complete the upgrade and more information can be found here &gt; 
hi, kindly check dm. 
dm your number,location and name of your estate for us to follow up.
sawa sawa, utajubiwa sasa hivi. 
...#ok or #ok for free, select find a shop. 
hi, visit a safaricom shop near to get a printout charged ksh25 per page or free if sent to your email. locate a shop by dialing..
dm responded to. 
amont pending , hence you need to contact them for further asisitance.
if you have cleared payment with vodafone then visit idea store along with payment receipt. rgds, yogita
we understand your concern.but it is a auto process by collaboration between idea and vodafone.
please carry the proof of vodafone payment clearance to nearest idea store- 
your request 1-141601422673 is under process and request you to visit nearest idea store for further activation.rgds,vicky
as checked your concern is in progress, please bear with us some time. regards, shruti 
as checked your number is active with us. regards, shruti 
we would like to inform that your number has been deactivated by your previous operator. please contact with them. rgds, yogita
apologies for the inconvience caused to you. as checked your number is barred by previous operator due to some outstanding[]
request you to share idea contact number, so we will check and assist you further. regards, shruti 
i see that you're unhappy about the increased minimum credit card payment, nathan. to have us address this in more detail, please share your full name, address, and phone number through dm. do not include any account or card numbers in your message. thanks.  
i'll take a look at the block placed on your card. to have us correct this, please dm us your full name, phone number, and address (no account or card numbers). for immediate help, please call the phone number provided on the back of card. thanks.  
you can send a dm with your full name, address, and phone number to have us look into your mobile banking access. we ask that you do not share any account numbers and will review this once we receive the information requested.  
we're available on social media 24hrs lee. can you dm us your order number and billing address so we can look into this?
hello! hope you are doing okay :)
the joys of life haha.
i believe what my colleague must have tweeted you and said is correct.
it is correct. but, you would need to be more specific about which line you refer to, and email us for a full response
you'll have to email us.
it's a matter of taking time to look into it so we can provide the best and honest reply which we know is important to you
you can provide your email address and i'll add your case to the queue to be answered.
i do recall one if not more days where there have been no shortforms, john, but not the specific date(s). please email.
you seem to think we do not want to share info publicly but that's not the case. &gt;
apologies to those passengers affected by the short forms on this line 
this link provides some more info 
&lt; trains take longer to pass the signals. the new style trains are more like tube trains i believe &gt;
hi, you're right we don't. even if we did the tt would need to be altered again negating the lf tt as longer &gt;
&lt; i would have thought the ticket machine was working as there are no reports it's not.
really sorry for the inconvenience this has caused. i will send your tweets over to the station manager.
hi ailith. i know it must be frustrating and we are sorry that there was no one at lob, which must be due to cover. &gt;
hi there. we've replied to your dm 
hey nic. you can use o2 recycle to get money for your phone. we can help in store. more info here: 
did you check out the steps we've previously provided?
 is it 4g only that's affected? try our handy network steps 
 let us take a look at your account haleigh. head here to chat with us: 
hey that's not cool! please dm your account email address and we can look into the matter.
you can check booking status within 24 to 48 hours from now and will send confirmation email for successful payment. thanks-sha
ah, apologies! we had also replied to: 
hmm, did the tips we sent over help? also, thanks for the scrolling bar suggestion!  we'll be forwarding the request! 
thanks for reaching out about this, cheryl! we're looking into the issue on our end and hope to have cnn back up in no time.
and appreciate your patience for the booking status, &gt;&gt;&gt;
hi waripel, as we check your booking wasn't confirm. we have escalate your payment prove to respective team (payment), &gt;&gt;&gt;
sorry as it is still under investigation, waripel. you'll be notified accordingly on the updates. thank you.
kindly check your booking later within 24 hours. thanks-sha
dear waripel, appreciate can allow some time for the team to check on this payment. as we advised this might take 24 to 48 hours. &gt;
appreciate can follow up your booking if you haven't receive any confirmation. thanks-sha
hi waripel , yes you may use the e-boarding pass should you had check in via mobile app. thanks
you are most welcome! have a nice day ! =)
we have replied to you via dm.thanks-emir
you're most welcome! 
thank you! we've raised this internally. 
we recommend creating a post on 
has the documentation we recommended helped? iops/storage: 
can you dm us with your subscription id and region and we will look into this in more detail: 
thanks. we are looking into this and will advise with more information shortly. 
hi there, are you seeing any particular errors when trying to deploy? 
how can we assist you today? 
woaah, we haven't done very well. dm us with which shop you've been to please david!
funny you should ask that... 
 we'll not tell her!
well that's not ok. dm us please loz!
thanks loz, we'll get back to you asap!
see you soon 
we'll let you off this once...
sorry joe'll pass this feedback on!
where did the other one get to?! sorry dan us.
some of our menu, that being one of them, are limited edition sally. it might come back next year!
we've no plans to right now, sorry 
thanks for reaching out to us with your technical dvr issue, denise! we are definitely here to take a deeper look into some options for you. please dm us with your account number and service address. we look forward to hearing back from you. 
we are glad to know the issue is resolved. we are grateful for you! #attfamily
hello frank! we don't like to see that the agent provided you with the incorrect information.let's fix the problem now once and for all. is there something we can help you with? we look forward to hearing back from you today. 
hi honey! we are happy to assist you with providing you with our wireless service prices! the following link will provide you with more information: 
we'd love to look into your internet service options! could you please dm us so that we can take a look together? 
hello. could you follow and dm us some more information on what's going on. do you need faster speed internet for your home or office? we'd like to get a chance to turn the situation around for you. 
as per our recent telecon, we wish to affirm that your concern has been discussed &amp; resolution has been communicated. rgds, mak
hi chloe, refund for ihjt5j was processed on 26sep17 and should reflect on your end of october card statement. thanks.
i'm sorry you received a wrong item. please contact us via 
we'll get this fixed for you, please fill this form: 
thank you for the heads up. we have received your details, our team shall reach out to you soon. appreciate your understanding.
i'm sorry for the delay and the subsequent inconvenience. we're working on it, will communicate with you very soon. 
sorry about that. as you've shared the details, we'll look into it and get back to you soon. 
in that case, please fill in form once again here: 
thanks for sharing your details with us. we'll help you in getting this issue resolved. request you to wait. 
sorry to learn that, please respond to the email you've received from our team for further assistance. 
i'm sorry about the stretch. kindly reply to the correspondence sent by our team for further assistance. 
as this is social media, we do not have access to your details here. kindly respond to the email and we'll get back to you. 
bonjour, en quoi puis-je vous aider ? 
we're glad to know that and thank you for keeping us posted. 
hola macarena, puedes contactar a nuestro sac para verificar contigo la situacin: 
oh no!!! have you been in touch with us about this? 
appreciate the excitement,  amol. order will be delivered by the estimates provided. 
for details, you may refer here: 
i understand the gravity of the situation. as per the policy, we can offer only replacement ()
we've sent a correspondence to your registered email id. please check the same for more information. 
sincere apologies for the mess. please fill this form: 
we only have a replacement only policy for damaged or defective mobile phones.  
choose reason &gt; choose issue &gt; choose the mode of contact e-mail () 
just to confirm, have you tried contacting us via chat or email through the link provided earlier? 
did you contact us directly via phone or chat: 
i apologize for the trouble! what options were you given when you called in and spoke with us? 
please click on the link and follow the path: login &gt; choose an option &gt; () 
hi katie. if you get in touch: 
hi, sorry to hear that, please get in touch with us here: 
we're unable to access your acc here. get in touch here: 
we're sorry to hear that. could you please tell us what went wrong so we could check? 
please don't provide your order details,we consider it to be personal information. our page is visible to the public.
i get how you feel, id like to help you; please fill this form: 
sorry for the trouble with the delivery. have you reported this to our support team here: 
apologies for the trouble. please fill up this form: 
sorry for any inconvenience. could you confirm sharing your details in the link provided above by  ? 
if you're unable to find our correspondence, you may fill the form again 
i request you to reply to the email sent to you by the social media team for further assistance.  
oh no! please send us a note at  
happy to take a closer look! can you please send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up?
please send us a dm with your account email address + details and we'll connect.
thank you for that information, ameet. a member of our team will be following up with your support inquiry as soon as possible.
oh no! please dm us the email linked to your account so we can look into this for you. we look forward to your response.
we're here to help! please send us a note here; 
here to help, ally! send us a note here, 
we're here to help! send us a note at 
you can rely on me to take a look for you! click on my profile to dm me: 
we're taking a closer look at this matthew. we appreciate you letting us know.
hi bryan, are your travel colleagues on the same booking as you? 
hi bryan, we'd definitely recommend this in the future. i'm sorry we couldn't help you out for this one! 
hi jacqueline, yes these are fine to take in your hand luggage. 
we're very sorry about the inconvenience, jonathon. our customer relations team will be in touch soon. 
we're very sorry to hear this, jonathon. please be assured our customer relations team will be in touch as soon as possible. 
we're glad you got sorted, alyson. let us know if we can help with anything else. 
hi alyson, we are having intermittent issues on manage my booking. please keep trying but you may need to check in at the airport. 
we'd love to see you onboard soon, dj! 
rapid rewards means any seat, any day, any time. pick a seat, tell a story. #175stories 
hey there! questions? youve come to the right place. please let us know how we can be of assistance today.
hi kat. these have yet to be released. we are hoping these should be released by the end of the week
hi kat, they have been released up to 31 december but over christmas period they are restricted to select trains.
hi james. i would advise checking with your bank. they will be able to confirm if it was ringfenced or not
hello james. the process can take up to ten working days to be released into the account.
sounds like the first charge was 'ringfenced'. it's an automatic banking procedure. should be released back in your account after a few days
hi james. was there an error message that showed when you attempted this first? what did staff say please? natalie
hi rebecca. we're hoping to be able to release them this week. lewis
it's all part of the job robert. 
you'll need to speak to regarding this. 
we'd definitely value the opportunity to have you in the verizon family.
that's the kind of service we like to hear. could you let me know lauren what time you were in the store please? shaun
thanks for your feedback lauren. i've logged this with our customer service manager to ensure linda gets the praise she deserves. shaun
you can call in and ask to speak with the pr ambassador. good luck! lauren
hi there, i'd advise speaking with your local store's pr ambassador about this. they'll be able to help further. robbie
hi mark, what's your local store? is there a particular album you're looking for? steven
hi mark, the sheffield wafsley bridge store has a variety of vinyls from pink floyd, guns'n'roses, the bealtes to elvis presley. faiza.
really sorry about that fiona, what store was this purchased from? steven
...i'll look into this for you. steven  
hi there, this link should give you more information: 
hi. in this case, we suggest that you contact our answer desk for better assistance. here's the link: 
hi tom, please send us a dm or call 0800 042 0800 to find out about local stock levels. thanks.
pop us a dm and cs can advise, jo. thanks.
hi there, our specialbuys are very popular and limited in stock, so they often sell out very quickly 
hi, kathryn. we're sorry your local store wouldn't honor your offer. please dm us with the store details and your contact info. thanks!
we're sorry you're not happy with the store's delivery fee.  please let us know the store location and we'll forward them your concerns. thanks!
amy,  we're sorry for this! please dm the store details and your contact info. we'll submit this to the store so they can make this right. thank you.
cameron, we're sorry there was no buffalo sauce on the pizza. we'll submit this to the store's leadership team. will you please dm with the store details and your contact info?  thanks!
robert, we're sorry the pizza wasn't cut. we can open an incident ticket for you. will you please dm the store details and your contact info?  thanks!
we're sorry you're unhappy.  did you let the store manager know about this?
alright, matthew.  we're here if you need us!
we're sorry we made you cry, matthew.  do you want us to submit an incident ticket about this?
we can look into this for you. can you please dm us with your email address and the store details?  thanks!
we're sorry you're unhappy with the delivery fee.  please let us know your store number and we'll let the operators know your concerns. thanks!
you're welcome. would you like to be contacted back about this? if so, please dm your email address. thanks!
okay. we did submit the concerns, anonymously.  thanks!
we're sorry, matthew!  was the store able to provide you with an update on the delivery ?
what store do you order from, lauren?  we can let them know you'd like to see an offer for auburn.
hi, lauren! we're sorry, but that store doesn't participate in that special. thank you!
we're sorry, lauren. what seems to be the problem?
hi april, we're sorry to hear you feel this way. we'll be sure to pass your feedback on. thanks.
como podemos ajudar? manda via dm o email da conta airbnb + localizador da reserva + relato do problema. obrigado
hi there, we've just responded to your dm. kindly check, thank you.
i understand, this system will be going automatic in the future. 
i do not have a specific date but it will be by summer 2019. 
hi,valid for 1 month.
my apologies for the issues you are having with your internet.  please follow/dm your service phone number and i would be happy to look into this for you. 
great battery life is part of what gets you and your iphone through your day, and we want to make sure we get this resolved for you. so we can get started, how long has it been since you've updated? did this start as soon as you updated? 
great job trying that. besides downloading that game, have you downloaded anything else prior to this happening? music or any other apps? have you updated or restored from a backup recently? and, which ios version is found at settings &gt; general &gt; about? 
thanks for the screenshot, that really helps. let's meet in dm and we can continue there. 
we can see how that would get in your way. have you restarted your iphone as a troubleshooting step? if you already have done so, let's delete animal crossing and see if this still occurs. if the error message ceases, we'll reinstall and go from there.
i'm sorry for the trouble! when was the delivery date? have you already reached out to the seller? 
have you contacted the seller? 
have they responded back to you ? we do ask you for a one-day response time for the seller to reply. 
oh no! i'm sorry your book is late, meghan. is it coming from us or a seller? info here: 
if you're a prime member, you will have access to prime video. kindly download the app and login with your registered account.
thanks for the update, chris! when you spoke with us previously, what options or insight were we able to provide? 
i'm sorry it hasn't arrived! we'd like to help. what is the current status here: 
you're in the right place for help! to guide us through troubleshooting steps, may we have the device and ios version you're having this issue with?
let's take a closer look into this issue within a dm. select the following link to join us there to continue. 
we'd be happy to look into why your iphone turned off and showed that symbol when it still had battery. which iphone and ios version are you using? you can go to settings &gt; general &gt; about &gt; version to find the version.
i'm sorry for any trouble this has caused! have we missed the delivery date for your order: 
we would be happy to discuss that in real time by phone or chat, use the following link:  
amazon(*`*)
(*-`).oo(~)ty
when you contacted us previously, what options or insights were provided to you? 
i'm so sorry for the frustrating experience! have you reached us directly for your options: 
i'm sorry for the trouble! please try the troubleshooting tips outlined here: 
oh my! i see what you mean, courtney! have you been able to pass your feedback along here: 
when you can, please reach us via phone or chat here: 
i'm sorry your parcel hasn't arrived! late deliveries are typically received next business day. please keep us posted! 
it appears the item is set to arrive today. keep in mind we deliver up until 21:00. let us know if it doesn't arrive! 
i am sorry for the wait! what's the latest tracking/delivery date shown in your orders here: 
oh no! have we missed the delivery date on the confirmation email? 
i'm sorry to hear this! does this tend to happen with a certain carrier? keep us updated! 
we'd like to have a specialist look into this. when you get the chance, leave us some details here: 
(&gt;&lt;`)
amazonamazon(o*_)oty
my team would like to look into helping with this. please provide your info &amp; we will reach out: 
i'm sorry, natalie! did we give you any options as far as refunding or replacing the item? 
 pblico, por tu seguridad no publiques informacin sensitiva como tu nmero depedido. 
hola ada, por favor contctanos para ayudarte con el proceso: 
we're glad you reached out to let us know. it's never our intention for you to have issues after updating the ios on your iphone. did restoring help? if not, send us a dm and let us know. we're always happy to help work through any concerns with your iphone. 
we have the same hope. if you do run into issues with an update in the future, we'll be here for you.
you're welcome :)
thanks dani, i've spoken to gwr and this shouldn't be a problem. please listen for updates on board for further information on your connection :)
hi dani, which train are you currently on and which service are you looking to connect to?
glad to hear that you made it home safely. if you'd like to make this driver's behavior known, please feel free to contact our critical response team at 
to be immediately connected with our critical response line, click the "call me" button and enter your number at 
awesome! go ryan! thanks for the feedback, don!
hi jay, can you dm us the phone number associated with your account so we can take a look? 
we are happy to look into this for you! can you dm us the phone number associated with your profile so we can take a look? thank you so much! 
please report this to our critical response line by tapping the pink 'call me' button at 
given the nature of this issue, we'd recommend contacting our critical response line for immediate assistance. once again, they can be reached at 
hello. i apologize for the service interruption and i would like to check on this for you. please send the phone number associated with your account in a dm for further assistance.
i am sorry to hear you are having problems with the services. i would be happy to look into adjustments on the account. if you will please provide me with your account number and address we can get started. 
hello. i apologize for the service interruption and i would like to check on this for you. please send the phone number associated with your account in a dm for further assistance.
hello. i apologize for the service interruption and i would like to check on this for you. please send the phone number associated with your account in a dm for further assistance.
good afternoon, karen. i would be more than happy to look into this for you. can you please dm your phone number and address so that i can locate your account? 
i am truly sorry to hear that we could not get a sooner appointment. 
good afternoon, have you tried any of the steps found here 
hello. i apologize for the internet issues and i would like to help. please send the phone number associated with your account in a dm for further assistance. thank you.
hello. i apologize for the service interruption and i would like to check on this for you. please send the phone number associated with your account in a dm for further assistance.
good afternoon, we do not control what games air in each market. this is determined by the nfl and the television networks. we are only the means of broadcast for what they allow and provide. i apologize for any inconvenience.
my apologies for the internet issues you are seeing there. i am here to help, if you can dm your account number, phone number, or home address to start. 
my apologies for the internet issues you are seeing there. i am here to help, if you can dm your account number, phone number, or home address to start. 
good afternoon, steve. we would be more than happy to look into this issue for you. can you please provide your phone number and address so that we can locate your account? 
thank you for letting us know. have a great day.
thank you for reaching out. i am sorry if your service is down. can you please dm the account number or the phone number on the account?
the steps i would need you to try would be: 
turn on the cable box
on your remote, press the corresponding  cbl. it will blink once.
press and hold the setup button until the cbl button blinks twice.
point the remote at your box and enter a code assigne... 
is that the only remote you have? if that will not reprogram to the cable box using the codes, the only other option would be to use the auto-program method. if that does not work, i would want you to be provided with a new remote control. that is free ... 
the instructions on the site located here: 
on your remote, press the corresponding device button [such as tv, dvd, cbl] until it blinks twice.
i was able to find that here for you. what brand cable box are you using there now? i will be able to look up the codes needed to get that reprogrammed to that. out of curiosity, does the remote still work things on your tv itself, such as the volume or power? 
what remote modem do you have? the remote models can be found here: 
it's unfortunate you're having trouble. to better assist, please dm me the account number, thank you.
good day, we do offer the 1gb speeds at your location.  they are not available for your current promotion and would result in a price change.  if you would like more details please dm me at anytime.
i would be happy to help you with any centurylink issues you are having if you dm us.
please let us know if you have any questions, just dm us your account number and any questions you may have.
i'm very sorry about the delay for the tech. i would be more then happy to look into your account. please dm me your account number.
hey there! the intro offer of 9 for 3 months is for those who haven't had premium before. if you haven't been on a subscription in the past, head over to 
we want you to be able to enjoy your iphone x with your bluetooth devices. we'll do all we can to help. to start, what ios version is currently installed? does this issue occur with any other bluetooth devices that you connect to?
thank you. please let us know. if the issue is only with carplay, your firmware may need to be updated. please visit us here: 
 hey grinch, please forward us the sms to 333 (free) and we'll check on it. 
those are tricksters always report them. our official contact number are 0722000000. see 
hi robert, our apologies on this kindly dm your number and location for follow up.
copy/paste sms here we check. 
we couldn't reverse the funds since the recipient had already utilized all.make use of hakikisha to minimize errors.
apologies for the inconvience caused to you but without your concern number would not be port out. regds, arti.
we will look into your concern asap. please dm us your contact number. rgds, yogita 
sorry for trouble. your concern has been discussed and communication has been provided to you by our team through telephone.
 where does it show you've only used 1.68gb? try checking your online account here: 
okay kris, please speak with us on live chat so we can look at getting this sorted for you: 
 we'd always get you through to someone asap. if you're still having issues, drop us a dm  
nice one  give us a shout if you need anything else, we're here to help.
hi lauren, this is only available on selected tariffs for new and upgrading customers. do you have insurance on your phone?
ah right, okay  when did you take out your contract lauren? what tariff are you on? feel free to dm us. 
hi dean, which phone are you using? third party apps have similar features, try checking your app store.
i will have a look and come back to you asap.
sorry to hear that, i will let know as they operate the station.
hi vin, kindly check your dm. thank you- mariya
hi there , appreciate if you could provide a snapshot of the ic via dm so that we can assist to correct it.thanks-emir
our sincere apologies on late reply. kindly elaborate further about your concern in order for us to assist you. thanks-sha
hi there , we have replied you via dm.thanks
sorry but route change is strictly not allowed. only flight change date/time is possible.-mariya
if you would like to request a refund on airport taxes please fill up an email after flight date 
however, no show guest could request for airport tax refund for international flight after date of travel via email.&gt;&gt;&gt;
sorry but please be inform that we do not allow any booking cancellation once it has been confirmed.  &gt;&gt;&gt;
yes, but it wont affect you new booking, again as advice cancellation is not allowed as payment made are non-refund. thanks
hi chequellini, yes you may perform new booking for new route. thanks-sha
thanks for getting in touch! please dm your email address and we will promptly assist you!
hello @117128, kindly assist with the stated complaint. thank you.
hello @117128, kindly assist with the stated complaint. thank you.
hello @117128, kindly assist with the stated complaint. thank you.
that's no good, could you dm us the catalogue number the store and your number and email so i can try for you ~ olly
hi emma, whats the issue? ~ olly
hi max. was this a home delivery? marc
hi max, i am really sorry to hear this. can i advise that you contact product support on 0800 587 1102 and the team will assist you.
hi kylie, the store will honour the price for the duration of your reservation. just take a copy in with you. jules
yes that will be fine. marc
no problem, hope you have a good day. marc
hi val i am sorry, i am going to call the store.  jan
hi clare, really sorry about that. i hope your daughters okay! please can (1)
hi, note we do not reply to feedback cases. did you get a case number in an e-mail confirmation ? cheers /s
hey there, please fill out this ticket form: 
thanks for letting us know kerry! i have passed your comments to the buyer.
oh deary me ! so sorry kerry! i've made the buyer aware so this can be looked into.
oh dear! i'm so sorry kerry! please dm the barcode, the store &amp; your more card number/address so i can fix this
i'm so glad to hear that wayne! 
hope you guys have a good day!
hi, i will contact our buyer and let you know :)
they look awesome!
way to go, beth! 
hey frank, i'm here to help! what's your printer model and windows version of your pc? could you share a screenshot/picture of the print preview screen and the actual print? to better assist you, click on the option below and reply. thanks!  
guess we are a bit eager for the holidays to start! 
it's our pleasure.
hi, sorry to hear of that trouble. please send us a dm with more details of the situation, we'll be happy to help! 
hi! i've responded to your dm, and thank you for your patience. 
hi there, thanks for reaching out. i'd like to help :) what logic card are you referring to?  
you're welcome sumanto,  it'll feel great if you could write back with any queries in the future. 
roopa-hp social media tech support
are you trying to scan from the printer or your pc?   
hi there, i'd like to help :) do you get ant error message? did you make any recent changes? 
click on settings and click my account. for further support, send us a private message.   
hi there,  i'd like to help :)  to change the country, open your hp connected account, on the top right,  
please click to send us the reply as a direct message: 
hi there. thanks for the tweet. i could help. which model is it please?  
we appreciate the feedback and are constantly looking for ways to grow and improve the application.
we're making big changes to our apps, and we've moved cartwheel into the target app for our guests' convenience. we hope you check it out!
hi there danny, this issue concerns us greatly. please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
we would love to look into this situation. please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
this is not the kind of feedback we like to get.  please tell us was your issue resolved?
hey! i'd like to help you out with this issue you're having. can you shoot us a dm for us to have a chat? dc
we hate to hear this and apologize for the inconvenience. but is there something i can help you with today.
will address it. also i'm going to direct message you some information about getting your phone replaced.
i understand the frustration, if you can send me the store information i will submit this to my manager and they
we apologize for the inconvenience you are having today. but how can i help you today?
services team to see what can be done on this issue.
we hate to hear you wanting to leave. if you can send a callback number i can call you and get you to our account
we understand that this can be frustrating. please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
we will reach out to you today to address your concerns.
these items will be restocked. if you provide your zip code we would be more than happy to locate a store with stock. thank you.
the art in each one is different. anything written will be in both.
the written part will be the same in both.
thanks for reaching out. currently, these items are online for $19.99. you can view the 'reputation' album at 
we know how excited everyone is for this album. at this time international shipping is unavailable. we apoligize for any disappointment.
our apologies! please try clearing the cookies and cache in your internet browser. that should get things working again. thanks!
the standard cd jewel case is included in the bundled options (volume 1 and 2).
thank you for taking the time to alert us to this. we have passed that along to the store's leadership.
this is not the experience we want you to have at target. please send us the location and we'll share this with the store leadership team.
we miss you too. we'll let our real estate team know our dublin shoppers want to see a store!
we apologize for the troubles. please dm us some examples so we can try and find their matches! 
we apologize that you had this experience in our store. please dm us your store location and we will forward your feedback to management.
yes, these only at target album bundles will be available in-store when the album is released november 10.
yes these target exclusive album bundles will be availble in store on november 10th.
we're so happy you were able to find one. it looks like the stores around you have a few in stock, as well.
thanks for reaching out! were you looking for the magnolia good morning beautiful mugs? please dm us with your zip code.
thanks for getting back to us! we'll share your comments with our buyer's team to look into. have a great rest of your day!
thanks for your feedback. we are always looking for ways to expand our inventory. is there something specific you would like to see? 
we do not have any stores in kentucky opening within the next year. you can see our upcoming stores 
we know that a fast and easy checkout experience is important. please dm us with the store location and additional details.
please accept our apologies. the collection is not slated to ship internationally.
please dm us with info on your order. we want to make sure our gamers are getting the right deals! thanks.
this isnt what we like to hear! please message us with more info on the item. thanks!
thanks for getting back to us with the store. well share this with our leadership team at mckinney, so they are aware.
we appreciate your feedback. please provide the store location this was displayed so we can share it with the proper store leadership team.
the cover will look like this and it will be 75 pages long. let us know if you have any other questions. thanks!
wed like to look into this for you, please dm us your email and order number. thanks! 
hello for contacting us. please dm us more details. 
our holiday items will be rolling out in our stores very soon! keep an eye out at your local target. thanks!
each magazine has different content. be sure to check them out at 
hello of the volume 1 magazine, the standard cd is in a double gate-fold holder. thanks
our apologies. we are learning from these experiences &amp; sharing with our store teams. we appreciate your feedback.
thanks for reaching out! our 2017 kids gifting catalog catalog can be found online at: 
we never want to disappoint our guests and wed like to learn more about your concerns. please dm with additional details.
thanks for contacting us. the album will be released on november 10th as planned.
were looking into this and will get back to you as soon as we have that information. thanks for reaching out to us!
we never want to disappoint our guests and wed like to learn more. please dm us with your order number.
we truly apologize for the frustrations but we no longer ship to the philippines at this time.
hi  please dm us with a picture of your receipt or your rec# (located at the bottom of your receipt). thanks!
it's never our intention to disappoint our guests. your feedback has been shared with our wilmington store leadership team for review.
we would like to look further into this and ask that you please provide us with you order number and email address.
thanks for bringing this to our attention. please send us the store location and we'll share this with the store leadership team for review.
thanks for letting us know the store location. we'll reach out to them. this isn't the best sale. have a great weekend!
as of now, we arent currently shipping to spain. however, if you know anyone in the states, you could have them order one for you!
yes! our west baltimore location is scheduled to be closed during the early half of 2018.
at this time, target stores are only located in the us, and our apologies, but unfortunately, our borderfree site no longer ships to brazil.
excited for reputation? for the most accurate answer, we recommend reaching out to your local target in regards to a midnight release.
your items should arrive in mint condition. please dm us order # , email use, item specifics &amp; pictures (if possible). thanks. 
these highly anticipated taylor swift reputation magazines will fly off the shelves! best of luck scoring them if you go in the afternoon!
great question! this album will be available when stores open tomorrow morning. let us know if you have any other questions. thanks!
to provide all the great items in the taylor swift cd and bundles vol 1 &amp; vol 2. please dm us for more details. thanks for tweeting us. 
yes the cd is the same as the one that can be purchased by itself. thank you for reaching out to us.
we know it's hard to wait for the items you're looking for. please dm us your order number and email address and we can research. 
great question! well be sure to forward this to our merchandise team and tell them our guests would like a larger variety of ornaments.
the reputation magazine will include the double sided poster as well as many other perks. check it out here 
please click here 
we want our shelves fully stocked. please provide which store you visited and we can share with the leadership team.
thanks for providing the store location! your opinion is valuable to us, and will be shared with the cityview target store leadership team!
we're ready for it, too! be sure to check your local store for these items tomorrow.
the decision to close a target store is not made lightly. we value your loyalty to target. you may still shop us on 
the hearth and hand collection is part of a multi-year partnership. check back in when the collection refreshes in late december.
we always want you to find what you're looking for. which location were you visiting? we'd like to share this with our buyer's team.
it is never our intent to send you the wrong item. please dm us your order number and email address &amp; a picture of what you received. 
apologies for the order concerns. please give us a call, we'd love to help you get back shopping soon!
we want all our guests to be able to find what they need! which location were you visiting? we'll share with leadership. thanks!
our apologies, we want your order to arrive perfect. we'd love to fix this, please dm us your order number and email address. 
we appreciate you wanting a target in the philippines. we will be sure to share your feedback with our real estate team. thank you.
thanks for reaching out to us. please contact the phone number on the back of your card for assistance with your payment.
we hear your excitement. the bundles carry posters, poetry and much more. thanks!
we unfortunately dont have any information at this time. thanks for reaching out.
we can certainly understand how frustrating misleading information can be, and we'll gladly share your feedback with our advertising team.
thanks for reaching out. offer in black friday is just for the console, and joycon controllers. there are no games included.
we sure can! what is it that we can help you with? thank you.
we apologize for the issues you've experienced with your order. please dm us your order number and more info so we can assist. 
great question! the music isn't target exclusive. however, both vol. 1 magazine and vol. 2 magazines are target exclusive. hope this helps!
parece ser que esta foto es icluida con el cd. las versiones de target tendrn material adicional como fotos personales, poemas y letras.
we want you to receive your pre-order. please dm us your order number and email address. thanks! 
our guests are the center of everything we do &amp; we value their feedback. we tested kiddie carts and made the decision to remove them.
we're glad you asked about the free lego creator christmas set 5004934. the offer expires /2017 at 11:59pm pt. thanks.
we'd like to help. please respond with the item you are looking for, and we'll be happy to look into it for you. thanks!
great question! the posters come within the magazine and the c.d alone comes with the jewel case. let us know if you have more questions!
great question! in each volume there is one poster with many more pages of hand written music. enjoy.
thank you so much for reaching out and we sincerely apologize. we want to look into this more. please dm us more details. thanks again. 
we apologize for the disappointment. check out all the competitors we price match with here: 
we always want our merchandise to be available when it launches. please send us a dm with the store location and we'll follow up. thanks!
thanks for asking. were not participating in a midnight release program for this album. be sure to visit your local target early on friday.
good question! the magazine's cd comes in a double gatefold (cardboard) cd holder.
buy them online &amp; check for other stores here: 
we don't want your holiday season to be ho hum. we've shared your request with the merchandising team.
hello , please provide the affected mobile number for assistance. thank you.
pls reach out here so we can check this for you kris 
hi, did you receive a confirmation message when you registered? did you access using the same log in details? 
hi, have you been able to check you're logged in using the same email/password combination? 
we want to help! please use the link provided by  so we can take a look into the situation.
i'm sorry to hear that. could you please let us know what went wrong? we'd like to help. 
please don't provide your order details, as we consider it to be personal information. our twitter page is public. () 
apologies, please fill this form: 
please let us know if we have missed the estimated delivery date for your order through this link: 
sorry for the miss with the delivery of your order, we certainly did not expect this to happen.  
sorry about that. id like to help you, please fill this form: 
we haven't received your details yet. kindly fill your details once again in the link provided earlier &amp; we'll get in touch. 
please check your correspondence here: 
you should have received a correspondence if you have shared the details. () 
kindly report this to our support team here: 
please share your details here: 
what issue are you having scarlett? 
did our publisher team set a time-frame for the approval process? 
just let us know if you need anything else. 
sorry to know that you've received a damaged product. i'd like to check this issue for you. () 
please don't provide your order details, as we consider it to be personal information. our twitter page is public. () 
please don't provide your order details, we consider it to be personal info. our page is visible to the public.  
apologies, did you report this to our customer service team? () 
various factors. more info: 
thanks for getting in touch with our support team. kindly wait till you receive an update. do keep us posted.  ()
please share your details from the link here: 
sorry for the disappointment. please reply to the email you've received from our team and we'll get back. 
i understand your upset, may i know if you've replied to the email sent by the social media team? 
sorry for the trouble with the resolution. we'll get in touch with an update soon. appreciate your understanding. 
apologies for the ordeal. kindly reply to our correspondence here: 
please check the link above and reply to our email. you will have an option to reply to the email. 
sorry about that. kindly write back to the email you've received from our team and we will respond on the same. 
twitter being a public platform we do not have access to your account details, please reply to the email for better insight of the issue. 
thanks for the update, we'll get back to you with a resolution soon. 
if your query hasn't been answered, please share your details here: 
as this is a social media platform, we can't view your account/order details. sorry for the delay.()
i'm sorry to know that you did not receive any email. request you to connect with us here:
we send an alert 15 and 30 days prior to the expiration to your registered email id, please check. 
please tell us what went wrong rajdeep, so that we can check this for you. 
i'm sorry but i couldn't follow. could you please elaborate on your concern? 
the mrp of the product delivered might differ from the mrp mentioned on the website. this could happen owing to a () 
ich drcke dir auf alle flle die daumen. 
oje, ich hoffe, die ansicht ist nur nicht aktuell. lass das doch bitte gleich mal prfen: 
hi. is the order being sold directly by ourselves or a third party seller? 
ok thanks. 
la  chiamiamo "i sogni son desideri"?  
ottima idea!  
we ship the packages to meet the estimates provided while placing the order. did we happen to miss it? 
please get in touch with us via 
we value your comments! you can personally drop all packaging feedback here : 
we're loving your #aaview and we're so glad we get to share the skies with you!
uhoh! you'll need to copy the link and paste it in the search engine. alternatively, please use a desktop or laptop. 
you need to contact amazon fresh via here: 
as i can confirm that the link provided is working properly, please clear the caches &amp; cookies and try again. 
your order details, we consider it to be personal info. our page is visible to the public. ()
i'd like to take a closer look into it. please fill in this form: 
provided by 'au' here: 
i'm afraid we haven't received your details. please sign in to your account, and send us the details using the link ()
oh no! have you tried these steps to locate your parcel: 
i'm sorry to hear this! just to confirm,what is the current status of this package showing ? 
sorry for the trouble! please send us a note here, 
we're here to help! please send us a note via 
that's very unusual vicki, would you mind calling our delivery saver team on 0800 323 4048 please? 
i do apologise about any inconvenience caused by this 
hi vicki, i'll be happy to log your feedback. please dm your full name, address &amp; email so i may do this. 
hi vicki, i'm afraid after looking into this further, the 12 month option is only available for people already on a 12 month plan. 
hi vicki, you can change your plan details at anytime :) ty
hi vicki, anyone renewing will still be able to renew onto a 12 month plan as long as they had already selected it. :)
good luck with the vote! 
hey there, hunter! send over a dm and let's take a closer look at that for you! we are here to help! 
you always have the option to trade in your device, william! send us a dm so we can go over some options with you! 
i'm sorry for the inconveniences.  
hey there! wed love to have all of day6's stuff available, but we have some info about content here: 
got it. can you try to see if logging out &gt; restarting your phone &gt; logging back in to your account makes a difference? /dv
hi, help's arrived! can you let us know what's happening exactly? also, what're your device's os and spotify versions? /dv
i'd love to help, send me a dm 
you're right there is only so much we can do from the us. you may want to contact them through the website t-m.  pelletier
you're welcome and best of luck!  pelletier
we would love to assist however we are t-mobile us, you may want to try  pelletier
oh that's great to hear, david. 
hi david, the upgrade offers are limited and subject to availability. the seats must have sold if the charge is higher now. 
avios availability.  
apologies for the error with my earlier tweet, we'd like to look at your booking and find out about what's happened! 
happy to have a look. we'll certainly check to see if you've been advised correctly but it is unlikely we can do anything more for you. 
unfortunately it isn't, karen. we do hope you have an amazing flight and happy birthday from all of us! 
please dm us your booking ref, full name, email address and contact number and we'll do what we can to assist you. 
i'd be happy to assist you with this, shoot us a dm.
hi there, we have reached out to you through dm. 
hi shanda. we take these matters very seriously. please go to 
sorry for this. could you let me know what train you're on and i'll report this to our maintenance team. lewis
thanks for confirming. i'll make sure this gets looked into. lewis
 in a separate carriage will have a separate supply. if you can it may be worth moving to see if these are working
 hi lucy. apologies for this.the power supply on the opposite side of the carriage or
hi keith. that service was delayed due a passenger being taken ill on-board earlier. lewis
hi michael, sorry for the wait we expect these to be updated by the end of the week.-andy
hi tristan. apologies for this. this fault should have been announced so that customers can make an informed decision
hi. i'll flag this up to be updated. thanks for highlighting. lewis
hallo, sofern paypal genutzt wird, wird der bezahlprozess im vorfeld offengelegt und die funktionen und richtlinien aufgezeigt. paypal hat keine einsicht in ein bankkonto und daher knnen wir auch nicht wissen wie viel du auf deinem bankkonto hast. sofe... 
hi laura, what ticket are you trying to buy? 
about the problem as well?  
6000650. we're looking into any issues with the machine now.  
ah ok, if you'd like to report this then please use the online form here ok, i can't see any reason that this shouldn't come up, are you able to get one from the ticket office, and let them know 
are you having an issue with your landline service or cellular? we like to help. 
apologies fred, i don't think this is a legitimate promotion that we're running. steven
hello! is there anything we can do for you? 
ebay ka wird dir sicher hierauf antworten. hier ist nochmal der twitter link zu ebay ka: 
which is something you can do with your buyer's requirements: 
i understand where you're coming from. however, leaving a negative feedback for the buyers won't stop them from bidding 
sorry to see that. do you have a tracking no. to check on the website? did you contact the seller to check shipment status? 
we'll take a look. dm us your item number, email address, first/last name and postal code on file. 
hi there, were sorry to hear that. well be sure to share your feedback with our marketing team.
hi again, are you doing the uploads via your mobile device or your desktop machine? were there any videos in the upload?
hey, drew, in order to expedite the troubleshooting process, please write in here 
...speed through your isp and local network, click here: 
i last saw an update on this at the weekend and we are on track to complete this. 
hi, sorry to see this, can you let me know which train this is please? 
is that the station announcement or the on board announcement?  
apologies for this, i shall get this looked into.  
hello, this was due to a fault with the lights on board part of the service. the train returned to depot to remove the defective 
i did not hear back from you yet. please let me know whether your issue is resolved or you need additional help. 
hi rheetam, 
i'd glad to help, i would like to forward your case to the next level and i would like to capture few information, so kindly reply in direct message 
our colleagues  will assist you in regards to your query. 
feel free to reach out to us for any further assistance. (2)
as your concern has been taken care of may we go ahead and archive the case?(1)
if you dial from 0740**,the call should go through.
request you to share idea contact number, so we will assist you further. regards, shruti 
we understand your concern.but please share your convenient date and time to call you and solve your issue asap.
as we checking your last request was regarding wavier and the same has been passed. rgds,pradnya
apologies for the trouble. as checked, your complaint number c1-96787817852 is in progress. please bear us for sometime.
request you to dm your contact details so we can look into the issue. rgds,pradnya 
 what have you been advised exactly? does each payment show as complete or pending? dm us  
okay, chat with us here and we'll look into this: 
 which phone did you order megan? has the money just been taken from your available funds or is it showing on your statement?
hi james, do you have issues with signal in a particular area? could you dm the full postcode: 
 chat with us here and we'll take a look matt: 
 let us checking this out for you holllie. head here to chat with us: 
have you been able to access it before? what happens when you dial 901? have you tried dialling ##002# then 1750?
can you please pm us your number hollie, so we can look at this? can you also confirm if you're the account holder? #o2guru
hi rebecca, the only place you'd see this is on our website at the time you place your pre-order. we'll email when it's dispatched
you would need the card you paid with to collect the tickets. which train operator did you buy the tickets with?
if you call them they may be able to help. alternatively, ticket office staff may be able to help if you take your confirmation.
it might be worth contacting trainline to confirm whether this confirmation is sufficient.
hi ian, this is because of engineering work in the grantham area. please see 
please contact as we don't issue these rail cards.
hi, you would be able to use 'the key smartcard'. you can find more info on this here 
apologies. will be able to advise you if there are any alternatives.
sorry to hear that. :(
 we only have oyster cards which may cost you more. thanks 
 hi dingo, please refer to national rail. we don't issue plastic railcards. i'm guessing you have a point to point travelcard.
hi there , we have replied you via email.thanks-emir
we believe it's working fine, noor. please try again. try using other cards and payment methods too. thank you.
@ you will be updated as soon as possible once it's processed and completed. thank you very much for your patience. thanks-sha
sorry but we are unable to advise this for now, ak. you can always tune in to the website and fan pages for updates. :)
yes that's right ben. you'd need to wait for check in desks to be open 
(chris ah sorry to hear this chris 
hi victoria. there shouldn't be any issue. are you still experiencing this? 
is there something we can assist you with. please dm our team with details and any tracking numbers.  
we are investigating this and will have a response for you shortly.  
apologies for our delay in responding. please post this query in the comments section located at the bottom of the page. 
there's no timeline however please feel free to elaborate on your feedback by posting in this forum: 
hello! is there anything we can assist you with today? 
hey, how did you pay for your journeys? oyster or contactless?
 if you don't have an account already, please see link to create one: 
 please sign into your contactless online account to contact us or call 0343 222 1234 for us to look into this.
hi, the driver should've given you a transfer ticket. pls call us for a refund 0343 222 1234
where did you hear this information from? because it's not true. we still sell non zone 1 travelcards
unless the replacement is sent by post, yes you're right.
unless you report it lost, yes. once reported lost, we cancel it and can await transfer later. pls call 0343 222 1234 to do so
hi veronica. thank you for letting us know, i'll inform the station, serena
yes, you can see the previous 12 months journey history.
hi michael, have you registered your payment card with us?
hope you're well mitesh! we still remember you in your time here. all the best
sorry to hear about the problems you're having. we'd like to resolve this for you asap 
that doesn't sound like uswe're burrito rollers! write to 
that's not what we like to hear. i'm sorry! write to 
sounds like we failed to guac it for you. sorry! share this with 
i see. would you like me to look further into this for you?
i just wanted to follow up with you and see if there were any additional issues since we last spoke.
i am glad to hear that! is there anything else i might assist you with at this time?
if you ever need assistance in the future, please feel free to reach back out to us. i hope you have a great weekend.
okay, i can definitely do some diagnostics tests from my end. would you mind sending a dm with your account info?
i see. does it typically do this at that time of day every day?
hello, i apologize for the delayed reply. are you still having issues with your cable at this time?
hi caspar, it would appear there were problems around the time you reported it.  are you still having problems?  
hi caspar, we're pleased to hear it.  kind regards 
 comments to the correct airport.  
hi christopher. please can you elaborate further? 
hi rikke, we are sorry for the delay in responding.  has the system started working now?  
they will be happy to oblige and see if they can change your seat.  however, this isn't guaranteed. () 
hi rikke.  we're happy to hear you're now checked in.  sorry you couldn't change your seat, but speak to our staff at the airport ()
we're glad to hear this, rikke! let us know how it goes! 
glad you liked it, rikke. i hope you enjoyed your flight just as much. 
we are sorry to hear this.  please may we know what happened so we can feed it back?  was it the customer service?  
that's really frustrating me personally! all of the best things happen when pigs fly though, right? 
hi rich, could you dm your case reference, email and contact number so we can see if we can help? 
you're welcome, rich. if there's anything else we can help with, please let us know. 
apologies you  have had troubles when you are trying to get this back to ba. is someone looking into this for you? 
there's no slum in a vessel of such caliber, surely! and if there is, we have plenty of alcohol on-board i'm sure! 
and it's the stretch limousine of the sky, of course! happy to be welcoming you again, andy. 
impressive, marie! we're excited to have you onboard! dm us for a special treat.  
nonstop flights mean nonstop stories on southwest. #175stories 
good afternoon, sir trilliam. would you mind if we retweeted you? 
okay, thank you for confirming. feel free to connect with us via dm if we can ever help. my team is available . 
hi desirea. were you looking to make a new booking? 
we're sorry to hear that, kennedy. anything we can do to help out? 
apologies for the trouble. with many avenues to book, our discounted fares are the most popular &amp; sell out quickly. 
i am sorry for the poor experience. can you please dm/pm the full service address and name on the account, as we assist customers countrywide. 
we are aware of an issue in that area and working to resolve it. there is no estimate time of repair available. we are working to resolve it as fast as possible. 
i'm sorry to hear about the service issue, i can certainly take a look. please follow/dm the account information including the full address and phone number. 
thanks for reaching out to us. please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
good afternoon. we truly hate to see you leave. if there is anything we can do, please allow us to try.
is there anything we can do to help at all? ange l
oh no. hey cheyenne. we would like to change your mind today. would you please send us a dm? thank you. ange l
sounds like something we should look into. what's going on?
sounds like something we should look into. what's going on? please send us a dm and follow us so we can help.
we really would like to turn this around for you. our team will reach out to you soon.
we don't want you to feel that way. we treat all our customers well and love flying you to aamazing places!
it can only be used towards the price of the ticket. the premium seats purchase is an ancillary charge.
gift cards cannot be used for purchasing seats, our apologies for any inconvenience.
the club is open from 8a-10p, our team will operate the office after arrivals.
we understand, camilo. be sure to verify that you have all your contents when you arrive.
our apologies for the damage to your bag. please speak with our baggage office at the airport to file a claim.
we know this can be upsetting. see our airport team when you arrive for your options.
our airport team will help get you on your way and take excellent care of you!
that's an amazing, #aamericanview, we're glad you could catch the gorgeous texas sunset from the club!
we'll be more than happy to give them your thanks! #aateam
please use the link to dm us the tracking number and your phone number so we can help you.  
i can check the status for you, please dm us the tracking details.  
sounds good! we'll just be one dm away if you need further assistance.  
please dm us the details of what is going on and i will look into it for you. 
our team would like to research more. please dm the tracking number and your contact info.  
please dm the tracking number and details. we can check on this for you.  
hi, yes there is different timetable for tomorrow and thursday 
hi, we plan to run to the revised timetable 
hi, yes that is right, you can view the timetable here: 
between 06:30 and 07:30, 
#disruptionswr new- congestion between surbiton &amp; vauxhall means all lines are disrupted, delays up to 12 mins &amp; short notice alterations.
the 7 years of your loyalty to us is appreciated. can you please send me a direct message for further assistance?
we do apologize for the inconvenience caused. did you try blocking the notification that is being sent to you?
we would like to assist you with your issue. please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
we apologize for the issues you have experienced. dm your phone number so that we may research your concerns and reach out.
the store will give you a free sim card for the sprint network
what's going on with your service.  
give us a call at 866-789-8292 to establish an account or go to a sprint store
to continue our conversation can you please send a private message, so that i can gain further details about your account?
hello there! thank you for reaching out to us today. how can i assist you today?
oh no! it would be my pleasure to assist.
hey there. we dont want you to have any problems. were you able to get the assistance you need with out telesales department
they are too delicious, ellie! 
we missed our little orange friend! its good to have him back and see that hes found love  #kevinandkatie
thanks! we're glad you love them 
great to hear we could help, amanda! 
glad you love it, emma! 
hi anne, we're sorry to hear you feel this way. we'll be sure to pass your feedback on. thanks.
hi there, please dm us with more details and we will look into this. thanks.
you're in luck, luis! #kevinandkatie will be available from 23rd november 
lovely photo! 
hi maria, #kevinandkatie will be available from 23 november. there will be a limit of three of each variant per customer.
hi maria, we would like to confirm that there will actually be a limit of two of the katie and two of the kevin plush toys per customer. and remember, as with all of our specialbuys, once theyre gone, theyre gone. thanks.
oh crumbs  better luck next time, eh? ~ k 
the christmas lights go on tonight in london! hit like if the oxford street lights also give you that sparkly festive glow.   
we love a good joke! 
glad to see she loves it, paula! 
make sure you keep watching as #kevinandkatie will be going on lots of adventures! 
i apologize for the inconvenience. i will be glad to assist you. can you please send me your name and acct # or phone #?
if there is something specific i can assist you with please feel free to send me your phone or account number in a private message. 
i am sorry you are having issues with your internet. you can find helpful troubleshooting tips here ... 
this type of adjustment would need to be requested with customer care directly.  .
have you spoken with customer care regarding this request?  .
our apologies for any frustrations or inconvenience cathy. is there anything we may be able to assist with?  .
hello, is there any thing i may assist you with. 
hello. i apologize for the service issue and i would like to check on this for you. please send the phone number ... 
our apologies brad, is there anything we may be able to assist with?  .
i apologize. if you are able to access, please send the phone number associated with your account in a dm for further assistance.
hello. i apologize for the service issue and i would like to check on this for you. please send the phone number ... 
my apologies for the interruption in your service jason. if you can dm me and provide me with the full address, p... 
thank you for reaching out. please dm the full address of you location and the name on the mail and i will submit your request.
i'm very glad to hear a technician will be out in between 6-7pm. please let us know if there are any further issu... 
i apologize for any issues scott. please call in and speak with our sales team for assistance as we cannot assist with that from here. 
i am happy to look into this. can you dm your account name and full address?
i apologize for any issues please dm us your account number or phone number so we can assist you. 
if youd like to follow us &amp; dm your account details (phone number and full address), id be happy to check into this for you.  .
hello jen, my apologies for any frustrations or inconvenience. if youd like to dm your account details (phone nu... 
i apologize for the inconvenience. i will be glad to assist you. can you dm me your name and acct # or phone #?
i apologize for the inconvenience. i will be glad to assist you. can you dm me your name and acct # or phone #?
my apologies for the interruption in your service. if you can dm me and provide me with the full address, phone n... 
my apologies for the service issues you are seeing there jason. if you can dm me and provide me with the full add... 
inconveniences regretted.  ()
hello @121837, please be informed that the service seen causing deduction on the line has been deactivated already. all ()
we'll be here should you need to reach out again for help as we understand wanting to enjoy your device. have a good one.
let's continue within dm here: 
heres what you can do to work around the issue until its fixed in a future software update: 
heres what you can do to work around the issue until its fixed in a future software update: 
we'd be happy to look into this with you. could you please send us a dm so we can get started? 
heres what you can do to work around the issue until its fixed in a future software update: 
we'd be happy to look into this with you.  feel free to dm us what country you're located in and we'll go from there: 
heres what you can do to work around the issue until its fixed in a future software update: 
got it. lets complete the update to ios 11.1. heres a link that will help: 
thank you for reaching out. we want to help. to start, can you tell us which iphone and ios youre using?
heres what you can do to work around the issue until its fixed in a future software update: 
heres what you can do to work around the issue until its fixed in a future software update: 
heres what you can do to work around the issue until its fixed in a future software update: 
heres what you can do to work around the issue until its fixed in a future software update:
heres what you can do to work around the issue until its fixed in a future software update: 
are you able to play other videos and music without issue?
was this purchased or was it content that was available for free? also, was it downloaded to your device or did you stream it?
which ios version are you currently using? let us know in a dm. 
we're here to help in any way we can. since we offer support in english, could you let us know what the message says?
we appreciate that. we did receive your dm, so check for a response there shortly. 
are you currently in an apple store? let's meet up in dm to discuss our options.
we'd like to help out. dm us and we'll go from there. 
heres what you can do to work around the issue until its fixed in a future software update: 
the cookie is the best part! mind sharing your  bakery-cafe location and order number with us in a dm so we can help?
we can do better than that, alex! mind sharing your bakery-cafe location and order number with us in a dm so we can help?
we never mean to disappoint! mind sharing some more details with us in a dm so we can help?
you seem super prepared for those upcoming chilly days! we admire that in a savvy shopper. stay warm and enjoy your new wardrobe additions!
we love having fabulous customers like you visit us! hope you'll stop by again soon.
wow, amazing find! glad you were able add this to your collection. thanks for sharing the pics as well!
happy to hear that your persistence paid off!
score! enjoy the new album.
those look super comfy! bonus points for having a frosty print. #nostalgia
hope you purchased several of these! #staycomfy
sounds like a real keeper! at least your adventures at walmart are never boring. 
could you please dm the correct service address? 
we didn't mean to upset you! our printed policy 
  at midday aswell to find out what is happening.  jan
yes, could you close the reminder and login from an other web browser to see if you still see it?
hi tim! did you try to sign back in? let us know if you need any help!
feedback/suggestions in our norton forums here: 
sorry about this tim, are you getting this even after closing it(by clicking on the x mark)?
is anything broken? 
if you need assistance, please use the link provided to dm us your tracking and contact information. thanks 
hi val,  i am sorry i have spoken to the store and they are going to get the manager to call you.  i have to call them back 
hi jack.  could you pm me and i will look into it for you.  thanks kate
hi edwina. can you dm us with your order number and we will look into this for you. marc
oh dear! really sorry about this ali, i'll pass your feedback onto the marketing team to look on the next product reviews.
hi there, please can you dm me your more card number so that i can look in to this for you?
i have responded to your dm 
you dm me so i can ask you some further questions and look into this for you?  (2)
thanks for letting me know this clare. let me know if you need anything else.
we are unable to get you on the contact number provided. let us know of the best time to call or offer an alternative.
hi, we've been in touch. advised to confirm number in question and contact us back for assistance. 
 kindly confirm if its ok to call you at this time.
hi, kindly dm us a contact number that we may reach you on for further assistance.
we have been in touch.
we have been in touch .
you're welcome.
done. in future, kindly dial #ok&gt; my subscriptions &gt; premium services and games&gt; and follow prompts. 
 hi, we have been in touch and advised .
hi, kindly check our previous response.
 weka pin iliyo kwenye card. 
hi, the line is now active. 
hi, we have been in touch and advised. 
we've unblocked the line. you can dm voucher serial for assistance if still having issue with the top up. 
the premium subscription 21660 has been deactivated. 
unfortunately through this department, we are unable to offer promotional pricing or change the structure of your current service package. you may contact our billing support team where they will have the necessary tools to analyze your current plan and... 
if you get in touch 
please get in touch here and we'll look into this for you: 
hi ash, did the date change from your order confirmation email for the two items? 
my apologies for that. please let us know if it's not received within the revised delivery estimate. 
sure, please get in touch with our support team here: 
i'm sorry about the charge. please report this to our support team here: 
()off&gt;amazon et
oh no! what's the issue? what does it show? 
hi, thanks for the update. enjoy the show! 
apologies, that's unacceptable indeed. please fill this form: 
hi, can you get in touch using 
you should be able to tap/click on that link. if not, can you please use another device to see if it works? 
great, thanks for confirming amy. 
hi, what info did we give about the dispatch issue? were any options provided? 
have you contacted us about the delay: 
when you placed the order what was the stated delivery date? you can quickly check from here:  
i'm sorry that we've let you down. without any personal or account information, can you tell us what happened? 
das tut mir leid  hast du dich mal hier gemeldet: 
hi, tracking isn't available for all parcels, do you see a carrier name? what expected delivery date is provided? 
let's take a look into this together. when you get the chance, please reach out to us here: 
what exactly is happening lauren? 
have you tried using tunein to play the podcast?: 
here's a link to our page about music commands. do you have spotify premium? looks like it's required. 
ok, sorry lauren. 
please let us know what went wrong so that we can assist you accordingly. 
please get back to us with a service denial letter and we'll look into this for you.  
be produced at any authorized service center across india. in case any service center refuses to honor the warranty,
warranty. the items are shipped along with an invoice and the manufacturer's warranty card (if available) that can  
we are sorry to hear that. all electronic goods purchased on amazon are covered by the standard manufacturer. 
i'm sorry but we'll not be able to look into this until we receive a service denial letter. 
hi, we've had no reports of issues. have you tried restarting your device? 
i'm sorry to hear that natasha. have you been in touch with us already by phone/chat to discuss this? 
we want to help out! so when you have the ability to contact us, here's a link to reach out: 
could you confirm sharing your details in the link shared earlier? 
could you please let us know what went wrong while trying to reach us? ()
you may reach out to our support team via phone/chat/email here: 
i understand you're upset. please do let us know what went wrong, we'd like to assist you. 
that's quite a comment. looks like you had an unpleasant experience with us. () 
thanks for following up. a member of our team is reviewing your inquiry and will be following up shortly.
apologies for the delay here. looks like our team has reached out via email to assist further. let us know if you still have trouble.
hi, hemendra. a member of our team has been in touch via email, please check your inbox and follow up there directly.
we see your outreach and a member of our team will be following up via email as soon as possible. we appreciate your patience.
here to help! can you please send us a dm with your email address and details so we can connect?
here to help! can you please send us a dm with your email address and details so we can connect?
looking at the flight record, the flight should still arrive in atl, close to the original scheduled arrival time.  
please give me one moment to look at the status of the arrival time and then i'll look at rebooking options if needed. 
with the delay, the flight will still arrive on time. i am showing an estimated arrival of 7:13 am. 
i will share your comments with our tri team. i wish you a wonderful day.  
hey there! we can help out in english via twitter, but we also have thai support via email at 
it's a pretty sweet ride if we say so ourselves!
oh, mark. we're so sorry for your loss.
we're so sorry to hear about your mother and we're wishing her the best of wishes. please follow and dm additional details.
we're showing aa723 is on time as of now marisa. we'll have you on your way soon!
we're so sorry to hear this, stephen. have you been rebooked? 
she's an absolute beauty! thanks for sharing, casey! 
we couldn't agree more, paul! thanks for sharing! 
again soon.  
looks delicious, dave! we hope you had an amazing flight! 
of booking. did you pre-assign your seats?  
sorry about this, julie.  i'm sure our staff at the airport will be able to help. 
fantastic! please dm so we can start celebrating.  
hi. both those services are due to run. lewis
hi sophie, our friends at will be able to assist you. 
yes you can  
oh no, have you reported this to staff onboard? 
i'll get this reported. 
hi john, what issues are you having? 
ry to hear that, try reloading it with 
is this happening on all of your tvs? 
a loose cable frequently only affects a few channels. you will want to check the cables at the splitter if it is happening on all tvs. 
...card for you instead. liz 2./2
...pop on some points as a refund and an apology for the missing cheese. dan  
sorry april, that's quite an omission! what store did you get them from? dan
sorry steve. could you confirm the product from our website: 
apologies, all is not lost however, you can log a product request with our buyers by following this link: 
i'm very sorry about this amy. can you let us know what store your delivery comes from please? shaun
thanks, could you dm me on the below link your order number, address and postcode please? mariya 
...place a product request with our buyers here: 
i can certainly check for you! can you confirm the name of the store here please? 
unfortunately these aren't available in the blackheath store gavin. however if you like, you can... 
it's priced at 44.99 danielle! thanks. lauren
thanks danielle, cannock currently have around 14 copies in store! ewan
hi there, which store do you usually shop in? i'll have a check for you. robbie
hi sarah, i'd like to look into this for you. can you just let us know what store you visited? marc
hi sarah, you can get some information here on our stance on food waste: 
can you confirm the item via this link 
do you remember how much you paid for the dish? i'd be more than happy to arrange a refund for you hannah. thanks, sam.
...pass on to a charity of your choice? sam. 
no problem hannah. if you dm us your address via the link we'll get this sent out to you. dan 
can you try this link at the bottom of the message? chris. 
that's very generous hannah, however we unfortunately are unable to do that. if you like, i could send you a gift card which you could..
hi there, i'm very sorry about this hannah. could you send me a pic of the barcode please? which store did you buy this from? robbie
i've logged your comments and have fed this back to the store. have a good day. rob
oops, that's a silly mistake. which store did you see this in? ewan
apologies, you can contact nectar via: 
just checking to see if you need help. is everything good now? please let us know. 
hi, greg. we'd like to follow up on the status of your concern. feel free to reach us back if you need further assistance.
hi christine, thanks for the suggestion. we'll make sure your feedback is passed on 
hi olivia, we're sorry to hear this. please send us a dm or call 0800 042 0800 to find out about local stock levels. thanks.
pop us a dm, valerie. customer services will be able to advise. thanks.
hi valerie, the wine advent calendar is in stores from today. please call 0800 042 0800 to find out about local stock levels. thanks.
really sorry to read this :( to discuss this further please contact our furniture team on &gt; 0333 014 8111 thanks
hi there, we haven't received any information regarding disruption tomorrow, i would advise to keep checking back as we will update the disruption as soon as we receive any further information.
buses replace trains between maryport and carlisle until the end of the day #aspatria  
 hi more, share your details with us via # sharing your exact location  and mobile number. 
hi, woodley estate is not yet connected to our fiber network. 
we will reply to your dm.
sorry for the trouble caused.we request you to follow the link 
sorry for the trouble caused.this message is informative message so we request u to link ur idea no with aadhar card.
 if you send us over the full postcode jen, we'll take a look: 
 predicted coverage looks good dave &amp; we're not aware of any issues. so we can help further, dm us. 
we're sorry to hear about what's happened to your son janine. did your son have any insurance with the phone?
so we can help further janine, please drop us a dm: 
hi there  we're unaware of any issues in the general area. check out our network guide here: 
 please dm us the full postcode for the affected area, we'll look into this further for you. 
 we want to help. please dm us if you change your mind  
hi sharad, please proceed to the nearest service counter as you wish to puchase for the child booking. thanks
sorry, flight change can only be done up to 48 hours before departure, so you can only make a flight change for return flight.
if your fare does not include a checked bag, the first bag fee is $25. for more information, see 
hello there. i came across your tweet and am checking in to see if there's something specific i can try to help you with. 
we're glad you like our card design studio feature. for info about the image guidelines, visit 
no, not this year 
is the festive bake out yet? only one way to find out 
here you go... 
we don't offer a halal range sarahjane.
sorry about that kayleigh. if you can dm us with your email address we'll have a look for it.
we did have halloween ring buns but we stopped selling them on tuesday!
we'll ask the question for you.
a biscuit. they aren't on sale atm though
there's always next year!
did you catch her name or remember what she looked like?
sorry daniel. dm us please.
sorry about that daniel. what happened?
 we see the issue here... dm us please.
we were until the end of yesterday mark.
oops, sorry about that :(. can we have the catalogue number of the product? ~ jess
thanks for letting us know, i have passed this onto the relevant team to be updated asap :) ~ jess
we were taking them until the end of the day yesterday. did you have trouble yesterday?
sorry for the confusion. we're pleased we took it for you.
the clocks go back tonight. an extra hour of sweet dreams. 
are you the shipper or the receiver?  
please dm us your tracking number, and the address this package was going to.  
the contact number for the store is 0345 165 7947.
by selecting the correct options you will be able to speak to customer service advisor.
your welcome. :-) ~ cheryl
hi helen, this offer will run until end of day tomorrow. ~ cheryl
..with card services in regards to this on 03456 400 700. ~ jess
hi emily, i am sorry to read that you are having issues with the argos card app. you will need to speak..
can you please dm us with the catalogue number and your postcode please so i can check this for you?
hi oliver, how can i  help today?
hi patrick. can you dm us your order number please?
thanks sara :) i've emailed the info over to you. give us a shout if you need anything else.
hi sara, please can you send me your email address so i can get the info sent to you?
hi sara, do you have the product barcode number so that i can find out for you? thanks, smaira
that feature isnt a part of ios 11. we always enjoy hearing feedback. please submit yours here:
ol! nos temos encaminhado uma mensagem direta via twitter com futuras instrues.
oi! siga o nosso twitter e informe para nos, e assim conseguir encaminhar uma mensagem direta com futuras instrues
i am sorry for the poor experience. can you please dm/pm the full service address and name on the account, as we assist customers countrywide. 
hi catherine, please reach out to us here: 
please reach out here so we can check this for you 
please reach out here so we can check this for you 
sorry to see this melissa. please use this link to get in touch and we'll help: 
i'm so sorry to hear this! when you contacted us, what information or options were given for these orders? 
could you please confirm if these items were shipped by amazon or by a seller? you can find that here: 
have we missed the delivery dates given in checkout/confirmation e-mail for both orders: 
we definitely want to get this sorted! let's look into this in real time with you here: 
please reach out here so we can check this for you 
please get in touch here: 
i'm sorry to hear that. if you get in touch: 
hi scott, are you having an issue with your seller account? have you been in touch with seller support for assistance? 
please reach out here so we can check this for you 
hi, please get in touch with us here: 
hi zoe, sorry to see this! please use this link to contact us: 
please reach out here so we can check this for you 
apologies. please reach out to us here:
please reach out here so we can check this for you 
sorry to see this. please reach out to us here: 
please reach out here so we can check this for you 
my apologies karolina. if you get in touch: 
please get in touch 
please reach out here so we can check this for you 
please get in touch 
hi daniel. please use this link to contact us: 
sorry to hear this. please reach out to us here: 
hi, please get in touch with us here: 
sorry to hear that. please reach out here: 
please reach out here so we can check this for you 
hi, are you getting an error message? 
hi, sorry to see this. please use this link to contact us: 
hi chrissie, please use this link to get in touch and we'll look into this for you: 
my apologies for the service interruption.  i am actively looking at this now and i will contact you back shortly. 
we're here to help! send us a note at 
we can understand not wanting the incoming emails to push through. we'll get to the root cause of this, and find you the information you need.
in order to do so, we have some questions for you. please meet us in dm with your current ios and we'll go from there. 
we can help with iphone performance. what device are you currently using? we'll help get that resolved.
can you also include your permission for these details to be passed to the supplier? ty 
without those details we cannot log this or provide a refund, let us know if you change your mind.-marian
oh no worries dominic, have a great day yourself :)
if you should change your mind, we are here  to assist. 
my apologies greg.  i am happy to look into this for you.  please follow/dm us your account information including the full address and phone number so that i may assist you. 
if there is something specific i can assist you with please feel free to send me your phone or account number in a private message. 
georgia customers, we are aware of an issue affecting internet services in your area and are working to resolve asap. we apologize for the inconvenience and thank you for your patience.
thanks so much for letting us know. since it's been isolated to a wi-fi issue, we want to rule out wi-fi connection settings and software on the device itself. please meet with us in dm so we can continue to work together. 
we understand how important it is to keep your apps up to date. so we're clear, are you trying to update all or one at a time? are you able to update using cellular data?
thanks for reaching out to us about this issue. we want your device to work for you and we'll be happy to help out. to get started, can you tell us which device and os version you're having this problem with? also, what happens when you try to update?
we want to do all we can to get your imessage working on your new iphone 8. please let us know in dm, what ios software is currently installed on the device, along with the exact error message you're seeing. we'll be happy to help from there. 
we received your dm and have responded there.
it's always good to stay connected high in the skies!
vegas here we come!
we are too! enjoy your flight.
unfortunately once they've expired we're unable to reinstate these. we're sorry to disappoint you. 
oh the staff explain why there was a queue, luis? 
thanks for the details about our staff in jfk airport. we've fed this back to our airport manager. they'll deal with this internally. 
were sorry this has been disappointing for you. 
contact number? we can then create a customer relations case for you. thanks.  
feel that letting us know helps.  
were sorry youve been kept waiting. 
this is disappointing to hear, linda. well look into this straight away and get back to you as quickly as possible. 
hi linda, all of your feed back is taken seriously, and your word carries weight because of your status with us. i'm so sorry you  don't 
we're very sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you, linda. please can you dm us your booking reference, email address and 
we'd recommend speaking with our airport team. they may be able to help you with this.  
we may need to change an aircraft for a number of reasons, linda. this can mean the configuration also changes. we do value your loyalty and
hi kelly, i'd be happy to look further into this for you. please dm your account information so i can take a look. 
sounds like a perfect start to your trip, adri! sit back, relax, and enjoy the amazing views! thanks for flying southwest! 
happy to hear you love it as much as we do, tyler! thanks for flying southwest! see you onboard! 
sounds like your trip is off to a great start, christie! sit back, relax, and enjoy the stunning views! 
we're sorry for the inconvenience. i assure you our baggage team will do all they can to locate your bag as soon as possible. 
hi james. really sorry for any inconvenience in using these. i will make sure your feedback is logged
did you contact anyone when you realised the reservation hadn't gone through? as you say it can be busier on the first off peak 
if you wish to take it further you can do via 
have you tried livechat on 
you can call 03331031031 option 1, 4 and 3. 
they will call you back jack if you have left a message. 
sorry to hear that jack, you will need to contact livechat on 
please dm us and we can discuss your issues. 
sorry to hear that sarah, have you spoken with any staff onboard? 
please accept our apologies sarah. but it would be the train manager who would be best to speak to regarding this. 
i'll pass on your feedback. 
i see, sorry it's so busy for you, had you reserved a seat? 
hi sorry, you haven't managed to get a seat, had you reserved one? 
i completely understand, as i've advised this has been fed back for consideration. mariya
thanks, i've fed this back to the relevant department for further consideration. mariya
hi, sorry about that. could you confirm which store this was by clicking on the following link please? 
i've logged your comments and have fed this back to the store for review. have a good day. rob
sorry about that! how long did it take you to get served? i'll feed this back. ewan
hi jude, is there something we can help you with? steven
we can't access emails here in social media, we'll only be able to see this information if you send it again here. mariya
if you dm us on the below link you can share this info there. mariya 
hi elisabeth, unfortunately we haven't received any information from yourself. could you dm me your email address on the below link? mariya 
that doesn't sound good. using the link can you dm us some more info about what's happened? which store was this in? thanks, allie 
glad you're a fan flora, all the best. steven
could you confirm the product from our website: 
...nectar card number please so we can issue some points as a gesture of goodwill? shaun  
thanks for all the info gary. we'll forward this to our buyers for internal review. can i ask you to dm us via the link too with your... 
thanks, which store did you purchase these in? could you send me a picture of the barcodes please? mariya
sorry about that gary! could you confirm which items you purchsed and which store from? i'll look into this for you. thanks, sam.
hi rebecca, sorry about that. could you send me a picture of the barcode please? mariya
thank you, if you dm me your nectar card number via this link i can get a refund added for you. robbie 
hi guenaelle, sorry about that. could you dm me on the below link your order number please? mariya 
thanks for following up on this john. we have now passed on these details to our trust &amp; safety department for their review. 
great! we appreciate you taking the time to report this. let us know if you have other questions. 
no worries, we're always happy to help! 
we'll look into the listing on our end. in general, event tickets are not allowed on our uk site: 
hi michelle. that's strange! can you please dm us your email address, name, zip code and item number so we can check it for you?
please be assured we are working on the same &amp; we'll keep you posted on the same.
sorry for the trouble.please dm us your idea number to assist you furher.regards,pritam 
we understand your concern.we request you to dm us your idea number to assist you further. 
apologies for the trouble. please dm us your idea mobile number &amp; kindly elaborate your concern to assist better.
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
hey there! we're afraid playing audiobook on-demand is a premium feature. thanks for the feedback, well get this passed onto the right team. for anything else, let us know /gu
rest assured, your feedback has been passed on to the right team to look into. give us a shout if you have any other questions /zo
we are on it.
hi suzan. that was tweeted 19 hours ago, so isn't relevant anymore. sorry for any confusion.
due to a fault on a train between watford junction and st albans abbey, some trains may be cancelled.
i know. the christmas german market will be in brum soon that mayhem then it's 2018.
it may be best to try booking the tickets elsewhere in this case. but please dm your email add so we can look into it for you
apologies. i have already reported the machine and asked the managers about the ticket office.
were you given an order number, laura?
ok, if you have an order number it's definitely gone through. once it's been dispatched you'll receive an email.
hi laura, you should've been told a delivery timescale. there's no way for us to check but we'll email you when it's dispatched.
 we'd normally send you a text/email when your order is ready for collection. have you checked your inbox?
ah okay, which phone have you ordered?
ah okay, as advised we'd always send you an email/text to confirm the orders ready to be picked up. sorry for any delay 
hi, we've sent text messages to users of our international calling products from the past 3 months. are you on pay monthly mick?
you can find more info here mick: 
 we'd always offer the best deal we could at the time of upgrade oliver. are you looking to get a new phone now?
okay, let us know if there's anything else we can help with.
pre-order the iphone x on our yearly upgrade programme and get your next upgrade on us. 
hi paul, what's happened?
 what issues were you having getting your pac? how did you request this? let us know: 
we're sorry you feel this way, if you need anything else let us know.
we're so sorry to make you wait! feel free to dm us with your bakery-cafe info so we can look into this further!
have a great flight.
happy to hear you had a great flight!
hi, are you still on the train? if you speak to staff at barnsley they will advise you if there is any alternative transport.
do you have the delay repay info?
new: disruption between huddersfield and sheffield expected until 10:15 #stocksmoor 
wed love to take a look with you. could you direct message us with more information about your issue?  
we recommend filing a free billing support case here: 
no problem! 
we have recently updated the app can you please check to see if you have the latest version of available. 
i'm very sorry for any poor experience. what updates are you referring to? 
jennifer, may we ask what device you are currently using the app on? 
hi daniel, i am really sorry to hear that. can you please dm us with the details so that we can look into it for you?
we love you too!
hi lynne, could you dm me which store this was at so i can confirm this with them?
oh wow! that's great news! what store did you visit so we can feed this back? :)
haha! great! i will let the store know nicola :)
to provide consistency for customers, we mark all of our home grown fresh berries with a union flag. 
what exactly are you looking for hannah? 
hi, are you having trouble with a pantry order? did you place your order on a? 
apologies. we'd like to check this for you. please contact us here: 
hi andy. please use this link to get in touch and we'll help: 
i'm sorry about the inconvenience. kindly connect with us via 
sorry for any troubles! we can help set up the return. reach out here for further assistance: 
oh, ok. you can get in touch using 
das ist eine automatische prfung. alle infos dazu findest du hier: 
wurde deine zahlungsart bei einer bestellung abgelehnt? gru 
hi, we can look into this for you: 
oh no! was the item ok? 
we'd like to address your feedback about this. when you have a moment, pls reach us via phone: 
thanks for all the information, and i'm terribly sorry for the poor experience! this certainly isn't what we strive for! 
please dont provide your order details as it is personal information. our twitter page is visible to the public. 
could you confirm if you have shared the details through the link provided above? 
if you've shared your details, we'll work on it and get back to you at the earliest. 
we will get back to you with the best possible resolution, amar. 
we'd like to take a closer look at this, please share the details here: 
hi, you can find the brighton link here: 
sorry to hear that. please reach out here: 
hi, please get in touch with us here: 
hi chris. please use this link to get in touch and we'll help: 
hi, if you're having trouble, please get in touch with us here: 
i'm sorry about the delay. kindly share your details here: 
could you please elaborate the issue so that we can assist you. ()
this could be a prime charge that you can cancel through your account 
i know this can be frustrating. after you have canceled the membership, it will automatically process a refund. 
in most cases, refunds can take 5-7 business days. you can find more info here: 
you can find tips here on identifying a legitimate e-mail: 
hi siobhan, we aim to provide the expected delivery date in your order confirmation email. has the date changed since then? 
i'm sorry for the delay! for more information on shipping to pr, visit us here: 
apologies siobhan. have you been provided with revised delivery dates? 
is there a delivery date showing here 
and does it advise anything on the tracking? when was the latest update? 
hi claire. please use this link to get in touch and we'll help: 
sorry to hear that. please reach out here: 
sorry to see that. please get in touch using 
hi richard, here is the link to the brighton event: 
that's odd. we'd like to take a closer look, please share your details here: 
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can assist.
hey, rajat. we've received your dms and will be following up shortly.
here to help! send us a note here, 
here to help!  please follow the link 
here to help! please visit 
were here to help! send us a note via 
it would need to be tomorrow for the yates extra. lawrence 
hi, really sorry but i've spoken to the store and unfortunately they wouldn't be able to accommodate you today. 
hi jason, i have replied via dm. ty
hi! thanks for doing all of that work to work toward a resolution. we'd love to continue assisting you here. send me a dm so we can get started. thank you! 
we absolutely want your device working as it should casey and are here to help. please dm us so we can take a look at this. 
consistency and accuracy are both important values when we are assisting you robert, and we'd like to help out. please send us a dm so we can dive deeper into this. 
have a wonderful day! 
awesome! thank you.  
thank you for the kind words! have a wonderful day! 
great! glad to hear it's working. just let us know if we can help with anything else. 
hey, help's here. does logging out and back in help at all? if the issue persists, try restarting the device. let us know how it goes /ac
hey! we're launching in new countries as often as possible. sign up here to be first to hear: 
we hear you  rest assured, your feedback will be passed on to the right folks. have a nice day /ac
we've got the best in the biz and they're great at handling any curve ball thrown their way. thanks for the shout-out! #aateam
we're ready! we'll be wheels up and on our way in just a few.
way to rock it #aateam! we're so happy to hear they could help with this sweet treat!
the skies just haven't been the same without you. we're looking forward to seeing you on board soon!
we're very happy to hear how #aamazing our fa on board was. we've your info and we'll be sure to pass your kudos along. #aateam
we're sure our crew will be pleased to hear your kind comments, josh! apologies for the delay to your flight. 
great to see our staff getting in the halloween scary spirit! hope you weren't too scared to fly afterwards!! 
we witch you a spook free flight next time! 
we hope you have an amazing flight, sean. enjoy your time in amsterdam! 
something tells me, you may also be asleep for your return flight, sean! hope you've had the best time. 
we hope this didnt scare you, jonathan! were surprised you didnt see more. they have free broom parking. 
this doesn't sound good, jonathan. can you give us more info about what happened? 
we're really sorry to hear this, jonathan. please be assured your comments have been shared with our customer experience team. 
you on board again very soon. have a good evening.  
we understand your reasons for asking but unfortunately we won't on this occasion. 
hi jonathan.  we're really disappointed to hear you feel this way. 
our customer experience team won't respond, jonathan. they use feedback from customers to improve our service. we look forward to seeing 
have a fantastic time in majorca celebrating your birthday, anne! 
you with the correct bags to take these on your connecting flight.  
thanks for sharing your kudos, patrick! we appreciate every opportunity to have you onboard. 
we would be happy to provide you with this information. please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
hi! what would you like to know the cost of?
we completely understand in order to assist you, please send us a dm.
what device are you interested in? can you please elaborate on what you're inquiring about so we can better assist.
we would be more than happy to assist you with this. please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
hi. we're hoping to be able to release them this week. lewis
planned your weekend adventure yet? book now at 
hi sue. really sorry to hear this. can you pm us with more details please? 
i can't provide an answer until i know what you are referring to in more detail sue. thanks
hi there. sorry to hear this. which service are you referring to please?
the delay was due to a late arrival of the previous service and waiting for a platform at oxford.
the 10:31 service has been delayed due to a fault. the 10:37 due to platform issue because of the late arrival from the previous journey.
trains are running for the remainder of the day between these stations but none of them will be the new iet's
hi chris. the last new train for today between those stations departed bristol temple meads at 09.30
hi. are you looking to travel on a weekday or at a weekend? lewis
 sometimes tickets are amended or cancelled so reservations can become available again. lewis
hi nina. apologies for this. if available at the time of booking the system will always try to accommodate your preference. 
hi richard. do you mean a super off peak return? lewis
the ticket is not valid to depart services from london paddington after 04:29 and before 10:10 and after 15:01 and before 19:01.
have you tried disconnecting from the wifi, reconnecting and typing 
sorry for that iain, you can call wifi support on 03300881271 
you'll need to refund __email__ 
sorry to hear this, iain. is it connecting you are having issues with? 
did you reserve a seat? 
you can claim for the lack of seat via 
you can claim for not getting your reservation. 
we normally have around 8 trains after 18:00 from euston to rugby. as with any services late at night they are reduced. 
where are you travelling from ben? 
you can contact the lost property team here 03331 031 031 option 1, 3 robert. we hope you're reunited soon! 
sounds like one for our friends at 
hi darren. this is just for our records. did you receive another coupon after you paid? lauren
sorry about this darren. can you dm us via the link with your nectar card number please so we can look into this for you? shaun 
...for the inconvenience this causes. shaun 
hi carol, can you confirm the store from our store locator: 
thanks for all the info carol. i've logged this with our store manager for internal review. i'm sorry again... 
hello there. how's it going? do you still need our assistance? just let us know and we're here for you. 
hello there. how's it going? do you still need our assistance? just let us know and we're here for you. 
we suggest checking the troubleshooting steps provided by giridhar j on this link: 
just checking in. we'd like to know if the link provided worked? we're here for you if you need further assistance.
hello there. how's it going? do you still need our assistance? just let us know and we're here for you. 
we want to work this out for you. visit this link to help you troubleshoot this error: 
hmm. we can also follow the solutions posted by loraine mon here: 
we want to resolve this for you. we suggest you to get in touch with our answer desk team: 
hi. let's sort this out. what troubleshooting steps have you done so far? let us know so we can further assist you.
just to check if you have nec drivers installed on your surface device?
hi. we suggest that you contact our answer desk for better assistance. here's the link: 
thanks for the suggestion, carly. we'll make sure your feedback is passed on 
that sounds yummy, beth!
hi sarah, thanks for your query. if you send us a dm, our customer services team will be able to advise. thanks.
glad to hear you enjoy shopping in our stores! 
hi andi, thanks for your query. if you send us a dm, our customer services team will be able to advise. thanks.
apologies for the late reply. servers are up and running, try power cycling your modem/router, send us a dm if no avail. 
hey there, apologies for the delay, please shoot us a dm so we can help you out! 
hello curtis, in this case the video was removed by youtube policies and we need to follow there standards 
oh dear, this isn't good! please return your receipt and/or packaging to store, our colleagues will help further. thanks
our christmas food to order is now open and this is where all mince pies and christmas lines can be ordered from. 
hi charlie, could you give us some details about what it is that you want to do? 
awesome! i'll see what the deal is as i'm not 100% sure. 
hope you are doing fine. this is a follow up message. were you able to update the drivers as suggested for issue resolution? 
4.please provide the system service tag, registered owners name &amp; contact number.
how to find the service tag: 
hi, we are experiencing technical issues affecting mshwari service, kindly bear with us as the issue is being worked on.
we were unable to reach you,sms center number +919847099996.regards,hitesh 
sorry for the trouble caused.we have noted your concern.our team will get in touch with you.
to make things right for you please write us at __email__. regards, mahindra
you can locate the nearest my idea store on this link  
kindly check the inbox as sent you the offers available on your number. regards,sneha.
your issue has been initiated by us under ref. no. 1-139332244630 &amp; you shall hear on the same soon. rgds neha
thank you for sharing your contact details. we will get back to you at the earliest. rgds,pradnya 
your issue has been initiated under ref c1-101437280391 is in progress &amp; expected completion date is /2017. rgds, heetali
sorry for the trouble caused. we have done the best possible optimization from the serving site to improve the coverage for your provided location.
we are working continuously in enhancing our services. please bear us for sometime.
sorry, dm alternate number so we will get in touch with you soon also request you to delete number from post. rgds,pradnya 
we understand your 
so we can get in touch with you for best mnp offers.
request you to share the connection type, so we will assit you better. regards, arti.
we would like to inform you that you will not get benefits of both recharge at one time. rgds,pradnya 
please dm your idea mobile number so we can assist you better. rgds,pradnya 
hi aaron, we'd love to have them both with us  they can read more on o2 refresh here: 
 let us take a look at this for you dave. head here to chat with us: 
 we've just replied to your dm sarah 
sounds like a mistake matthew  don't forget, existing customers get our very best deals. we hope you choose to stay.
hey, once your order is dispatched, we'll update you by text/email 
updates will be asap, as soon as there's any news for your order 
hi trish, we're not ranging this at the moment but we're always reviewing our products and services.
oh no! shall we cheer you up with a joke? 
we see you love running. running is the best way to remind yourself you love sitting 
it made you laugh though right? ;) dm us, we might have something else to cheer you up.
hi, your outward journey needs to be within 5 days of the date on the ticket. the return needs to be within one calendar month
hi dave, can i just check what error message is coming up? 
thanks for confirming this. please try again a bit later and this should then be working fine 
if you can dm your full name, date of birth and full address, i can take a look into this for you 
if you would like us to look into this further for you, please dm us the tracking number. 
we certainly will take great care of them hayley 
i completely understand your frustrations with this and apologize. there is an investigation open for this at this time. please work with the sender of this as we will relay the information and results to them.  
noticed your tweets. let me know if there's some assistance i can provide you with. 
i understand, lindsay. if you decide to let us review your concerns, just feel free to reach out to us. 
noticed your tweet, lindsay. tell me if there's a specific situation you'd like me to review. i may be able to help. 
hi there, i saw your tweet. we're here if you need us to look into something specific. thanks. 
i noticed your tweet, willy. is there something i can help you with? please don't use account numbers in your reply. 
good morning, please text 4g to 400 to confirm. thank you. so
we apologize for the delay. work still in progress. please bear with us. so
good morning, please confirm the code dialed, amount debited and date for clarification? so
please confirm the date you subscribed? so
caller service has been canceled. however, text stop to 2442 to deactivate all unsolicited service. so
hello vicky, we appreciate the feedback. network upgrade done routinely. so
hello vicky, we apologize. may we know your number, error message, exact location with landmarks, issue duration and device type? so
morning vicky, kindly provide your number, error message, exact location with landmarks, issue duration and device type for assistance. tt
we apologize for the inconveniences. please confirm the new sim serial number, outlet address visited and date. thank you. so
we have just tried to reach and the line is active now. please confirm. uo
thank you for the feedback. stay unlimited!  tt
hello iche, due to ncc rule on sim registration/replacement, you have to wait 7 days before you can use the line. we empathize. so
we apologize, the issue  is been worked on .ee
please confirm if you requested for the  line to be blocked after the line was stolen? uo
we apologize for any inconvenience you may have experienced. kindly provide your number. thank you. uo.
can you dm details of which store this was and till details so we can look into this further.- gemma
please dm us your details and we will look into this for you.- gem
sorry there was an error with the link yesterday, this has been rectified and should be working for you now.- gem
of your choice, as long as no health and safety risks are posed to them while doing so. i hope this helps.
hi keith, can you dm your order number and address so that i can look into this query
i personally think  makes everything better! please share your request at 
i completely understand, ray! have you seen the amazing accessories we are also carrying? 
sugar cravings is what halloween is all about! 
ghost, gobblings and candy, my favorite combination! -jazz
finding the perfect item can be awesome! -jazz
some cravings are just irresistible! 
that doesn't seem quite right! mind dming us with your bakery-cafe location and order number? we'd be happy to help.
please don't provide your order details, we consider it to be personal information. our page is visible to the public.  
i understand your concern is regarding cashback. kindly contact us here: 
we are still working on this! please be sure to watch your e-mail for further updates on this issue. 
hi, please reply to the most recent email sent from us to request an update.
i can confirm we have received your info and are looking into this situation. we will contact you soon w/ more info. 
hi, apologies for the wait. what was the most recent info we provided? 
we are still working on this! please be sure to check your e-mail for further updates. 
i'm sorry for the wait. i've checked with the associate that's been assisting and they'll reply once we have more info. 
i'd like a member of our team to look into this for you. please provide your details here: 
can we get you to link us to the item you are trying to get delivered? 
are you currently able to log into amazon and view your other orders? 
was the item in stock when you placed the order? is it currently still showing as pending shipment? 
that's strange! sorry to hear this. what did the reps advise? 
warte doch mal bis morgen ab. noch ist doch alles im grnen bereich. 
der, der theoretisch am schnellsten bei dir ist. der transportdienst wird erst kurz vor versand festgelegt. 
wir versenden so, dass es am freitag bei dir zugestellt werden kann. liebe gre 
hello, ein! you can find out what customization options are available for a gift card here: 
check out this link for details on adding gift messages to orders 
you can send us a direct message by using the link below.  
here is the alexa skills guide: 
hi andy, please use this link to get in touch and we'll help: 
so sorry about the delay. we do aim to deliver by the delivery date given at the time the order was placed. 
your prime membership would be extended by one year in this case. 
hi percy. please use this link to get in touch and we'll help: 
please keep us informed about the outcome of your call. 
hi gary. please use this link to get in touch and we'll help: 
we'd like to check this for you, kindly connect with us here: 
se hai gi effettuato l'ordine su a dovresti vedere la tracciabilit del pacco direttamente dal tuo account. 
ti confermo che la giornata di oggi non  considerata come lavorativa. a presto! 
grazie a te! a presto!  
please don't provide your order details as we consider it personal information. our twitter page is visible to public.()
hi, please get in touch here 
hi alan, are you referring to the amazon app? 
we would like to help you. please share your details with us here: 
hi doreen i am afraid i don't know why a new number would have been allocated, this is all processed by customer relations. 
hi doreen, sorry for the delayed reply, as you already have a case number allocated to you it should take less than 20 days for any further communications. 
hello, how may i help you this evening? 
hi doreen, sorry for the delay in a response. the team aim to respond within 20 working days.  
i am sorry to hear this, may i ask if this was made as a complaint with our customer relations team? 
we're sorry to hear this. can you please send us a dm of your email address so we can look into this?
let's take a closer look! send us a note via 
here to help! send us a note at 
we can absolutely follow up, tarun! can you please send us a dm with your email address?
we're here to help! please reach out to 
would you mind sending me a dm with your name, address and order number please?  
thank you craig we will look forward to hearing back from you :)
hi craig, sorry that your order is delayed tonight. if it hasn't arrived by 10:20, please get back to me and i'll chase it up. ty
i do apologise that the order was late with no contact beforehand craig. i'd like to ensure this is fed back 
good afternoon mr b, i can confirm our 24 hours will be launching the game at midnight. kind regards.
good morning anthony. is there something you need assistance with today? 
good morning, mark!  
enjoy your flight!  
we welcome you aboard! please let us know if we can assist you in any way.  
hi donald. please dm your ticket number. i will take a look.  
good morning, danielle!  
wow. thanks for letting us know.  
send us a dm with more info about your account so we can look into it. thanks for reaching out, lisa. 
we absolutely want you to have the best possible coverage. my team &amp; i are here for you, al. dm me. 
we're always here for you. reach out anytime and we'll dive into this for you. 
full name and contact number, we'll be more than happy to help.  
hi inge, apologies for the cancellation to your flight. if you could dm us your booking ref,  
great to you all on board today, louise! have a fantastic trip to vegas, the city of sin! 
to reimburse you once youve travelled. 
were sorry youve been delayed, spider. if you need buy more provisions, please keep your receipts and we can look 
i know this is confusing and i promise to get down to the bottom of it. shoot us a dm so we can further discuss.
please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
hi ruth, glad to hear your loving the wonky veg boxes! 
sorry you feel like this sonia. if you would like to make a staff complaint please email __email__
hi sonia. really sorry to hear this and any inconvenience caused
potentially yes, you can always sit in them and if someone comes along then move back. 
oh no nikki, are there any other seats you can move to? 
if you speak with staff, they will be able to assist you. 
lovely to hear lizzy. 
cheers thanks. 
all good thanks. 
sorry to hear this. did you make the payment for the wi-fi? 
sorry bonnie, was this purchased in store or online? steven
thank you, if you dm me your nectar card number via this link i can get a refund added for you and make sure this is fed back. robbie 
i understand your concern! if you'd like to request the product be added, you can do so here: 
a limited amount of other stores have some remaining stock, however this is mostly discounted from all stores. sorry sarah! dee
sorry sarah, they've been discontinued now. maclaine
could you confirm which wipes you're looking for? 
...why they couldn't make this? rob 
sorry about that mark, can you provide us with a name/description of the colleague you spoke to? did they give you a reason...
hi mark. if you'd prefer you can dm us via the link. we'll ensure this is fed back for you. thanks! lauren 
i understand your concerns gill but we don't allow items to be swapped on our meals as this leads to food wastage. rob
hi gill. i'm sorry for the hassle this has caused. can i confirm when it was this happened? reid
thanks gabby! for security, could you dm us the name of the account holder via the link? dan 
...praise gets passed on to the driver and their manager. thanks! sam. 
thanks for all the info sherelle. did you purchase this? shaun
...our store manager for internal review. sorry again for the upset. shaun 
sorry sherelle. i just wouldn't want to assume in case it was something noticed later. i've logged this with... 
oops, that's not the best discount sherelle! could you confirm which store this is from please? i'll let them know. ewan
hi martin, is there a particular album you're looking for? i'll check their stock for you. steven
leave this with us, someone will have a look into this and be in touch with you asap. mariya
i have an update for you! these will be available in our barnwood store. hope this helps. marc
that's right. enjoy! sam.
glad we could provide for you kay, happy snacking. steven
...with some points to refund. liz
oh no! sorry about that. could you confirm the store you bought these from please? robbie
hi mila, as my colleague has previously advised, you'd be best to contact your local council about this. thanks, shaun
...on your shopping habits for certain types of products as opposed to brands. hope this helps. shaun 
sorry to see that anil. did you open a claim as suggested in our last response? let us know. thanks 
you'll want to make sure that you open a claim as well. keep us posted and let us know if you have any trouble. 
we still want to make sure it gets taken care of for you. feel free to reach out to us if you need anything. 
can you dm us your email address, full name and postcode? we'd recommend deleting this tweet with private info. 
we'd recommend deleting this tweet and sending us this info in a direct (private) message so we can review. thanks! 
we also recommend deleting your post with personal info to protect your privacy! () 
there are timetables for each route and a map on that page. 
hi david, this information is available here &gt; 
that's good to hear gemma, was there anything in particular that was good i can feedback? 
great, i'll pass this on to the guards manager. 
thank you dave i have passed on your comments to the bromsgrove team :-)
apologies for this, our faults are aware of the issue with the ticket machine &amp; this will be attended to.
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
sorry for the trouble.as checked your number is active.we request you to remove and reinsert your sim to assist you better.
we are here to help you. please dm your idea and alternate no for further assistance. regards, mahindra
hi, kindly note that tunukiwa offers are changed for all customers basing on average airtime usage. 
ah! now we know you're game 
how do we know you're not just stringing us along?
ok, we believe you!  airpods discount would be tricky but we'd like to send you a little something to prove our love. dm us 
we'd  to have you with us  let us know if we can help with anything from here.
drop us a dm and we'll take a look  
you're welcome, raz. we hope you  it!
you took the challenge to the next level raz!  hope you're enjoying your new airpods. 
you'll always have our .
why not come over to o2? we've got so many perks  
we've all kinds of goodies on priority. check it out've got  for everyone :)
hi there  so we can advise further, can you confirm what you're looking for exactly? do you need call or texts or data only?
you can take a look at our data only sims here: 
we're all about the love  
hi dave, we can help you with this. head here to chat with us: 
 what happens when you try dave? drop us a dm. 
 ah right, okay. we'd always get you through to someone as soon as we could. so we can help further, drop us a dm  
 what number are you being called from jon? drop us a dm  
hola, de antemano lamentamos cualquier inconveniente. envanos un mensaje directo y con gusto te asistimos.  
hi there- can you please dm us with further information on the issue? we would love to help! :) 
we will assist you via dm accordingly, danang. :)
can you please clarify if this is in relation to sql data warehouse?  
can you create a forum post here: 
no problem! happy to help. 
we're reviewing your query and will provide a follow up soon. stay tuned!  
we'd watch/read them all!
you're not alone 
absolutely!
great idea 
don't do that!!
we'll pass on your plea harry 
it wouldn't be fair 
surely festive bake week could be a highlight!
hi nick, i have followed you. if you can dm us with the details of this, we can look into this for to.
could you follow us and dm your order details so we can look into this for you? thank you ~ richard
sorry to hear that. dm us your email/shipping address, we'll help you out. 
sorry no discounts available right now.
sorry for the trouble.we are here to help you. please dm us your number to assist you better.
rgds,mohit 
sorry for the trouble caused to you. please elaborate your exact concern for better assistance. regards, mahindra
request you to share idea contact number, so we will check and assist you further.
regards, shruti 
we will get this issue sorted at the earliest. please dm us your contact number. rgds, yogita 
the prime welcome card was promotional merchandise that we sent at prime membership launch, which is discontinued now. 
no worries at all. do let us know if you have any other concerns. 
sreedhar, please get in touch with our support team here: 
you can check for our response here: 
please respond to the same email you've received from the social media team and we'll check this for you. 
apologies. could you confirm if you are receiving emails from our team after you respond to them? if not, let us know. 
sorry for the inconvenience. request you to respond to the email you've received from social media team, ()
we'll re-check the details and get back to you soon. ()
you're welcome. do keep us posted if you've any further queries. :) 
thank you for sharing the details. we'll check your concern and reach out to you at earliest. rest assured. 
sorry to know about the delay in refund. kindly fill in your details here: 
sorry for the trouble with the refund. we'd like to help. kindly get in touch with us here: 
i'd like to take a closer look into it. please fill in this form: 
please dont provide account details as we consider them as personal info. our twitter page is visible to public. ()
i get your concern regarding a refund. please connect with us here: 
apologies for the hassle. as the account is on hold, you should have received an email from our specialist team. 
respond with required details for further assistance.  
please reply to their email with all the details. 
kindly reply to the email you've received from our account specialist team for further assistance on this issue. () 
please dont provide account details as we consider them personal info. our twitter page is visible to public. ()
please don't provide your order details, as we consider it to be personal information.  
i understand your concern. kindly share your details here: 
thank you for providing the details, pardeep. we're working on it &amp; we'll get back to you with an update soon. 
i totally understand your frustration. as informed, we'll look into it and update you accordingly. 
account please reach out here: 
ideally, any account change will be followed by accounts team correspondence. if you are holding an a, ()
i see that you are trying to send a reply to an automated order update email. () 
i get you being upset, pardeep. however, please know that the account specailst team is the best to handle this. 
i understand your concern. however, as you've received an email from our specialist team. i'd request you to  
ol luisa, sinto muito o inconveniente, voc tem entrado em contato com nosso sac a respeito dessa situao? 
as mentioned earlier, please share your details in the link provided to you previously. 
please don't provide your order details, we consider it personal information. our twitter page is visible to public. 
we'd like to look into this and help, kindly share your details here: 
i'm sorry for the unpleasant experience. have you reported this to our support team here: 
sorry for any hassles, kaushik. we do have prizes for the contests, could you elaborate on your concern? 
are you looking for the results of the iphone quiz? if yes, kindly tell us more on this. 
you may check it out here: 
thank you for your feedback, kaushik. i will have it forwarded to the concerned team internally. 
sorry for the trouble. please share your details here: 
sorry to hear about that! can you please contact us via 
we're sorry to hear about your experience! can you please contact us via 
hi, paige! for more information on this, click here; 
here to help! send us a note at 
hello there! please dm us your email address so we can follow up. thanks!
here to help! send us a note via 
here to help. a member of our team has followed up via dm&gt;
here to help! send us a note at 
we can definitely take a look! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
hi there! please send us a note at 
sorry about the trouble! please send us a dm with your email address and more details so we can connect.
hey debbie, if you provide me with the other details my colleague asked for i can get a refund sent out to you. ty
hi debbie, please dm me a pic of the receipt and provide your full name and address, so we can refund you on a tesco moneycard. ty
hi abdul, i have responded to your dm. thanks
hi helen, from what it looks like the only dinosaur shaped food we sell are bernard matthews turkey dinosaurs. thanks, james.
hi helen, it's a sin i know! if you could dm me your name and address i can certainly get this logged for review! ty
hi helen, the bread rolls sound great! i've logged your feedback on our system for future review, thanks for getting in touch! ty
it seems halloween isn't over yet  are you hosting it yourself? 
hi katie, if you just bear with me i will look into this for you. thanks, calum
if you are not willing to consume this item. please return item to store with your receipt for an exchange or refund. ty 
hi katie, i can confirm the date is 2018. can you reply with the barcode off the packaging for me to record this feedback? ty
awesome! enjoy your travels, 
apologies for the delay. not sure why our last response was not received, but finding the domain showing active and no status that would prevent codes from being sent. if you're not receiving the codes in email, you can export them w/ 
you will want to ensure that you have selected domain names to export. 
which domain name was this for? have you tried reaching out to our live support who can also quickly assist with your codes? 
hey! we've sent a dm your way. check it out  /l
hey andre! can you dm us your account's username or email address? we'll take a look under the hood /rs 
oh no! what were you attempting to do? dm us details so we can take a closer look! 
early morning bird! thanks for visiting the club, have an excellent flight.
we hope you all have a great day controlling the skies! 
and they'll do all they can to look after you on board.  
congratulations, rebecca. what flight are you taking on saturday? 
year, it is taking longer for us to respond. apologies for any inconvenience caused.  
sorry you feel that way, gerry. but please rest assured that customer relations will contact you. 
thanks for your kind comments, patrick. we look forward to hearing from you soon. 
were delighted to hear caroline and her colleagues were amazing! thanks for letting us know. 
were working hard to refurbish our aircraft, so we hope to seen you on one soon, harmit. 
ok great, sorry for the service issues but i am glad to hear things are back up. please let us know if the issues return. 
good morning! i would really like to help with your internet services. when you can plz dm your phone number and address to chat? 
good morning! i can check serviceability for you if you can please follow/dm the service address in question. 
hey, anne. mind deleting your public tweet with your confirmation number and dming your confirmation number? 
hello sally. did you make a seat reservation for the train?
i would advise speaking to the train manager. if seat reservations were made and you had to stand, compensation is due: __email__.
really sorry for any discomfort caused sally. did you reserve a seat?
if a seat reservation was made and this hasn't been honoured, compensation is due through __email__.
hi sally. sorry to hear this. what service are you travelling on please? rach
hi there jeff. we are hoping this should be by the end of the week
hi there. sorry to hear this. where are you travelling to please?
did you make a seat reservation? our trains are designed to safely accommodate standing passengers.
if you hold a seat reservation but had to stand please email __email__ as you will be due confirmation
hi, we do not operate that service. our friends may be able to assist you. 
hi there nick. really sorry to hear this.if you would like to make a staff complaint please email __email__
could you please dm your adobe id and case number so we can follow up? thanks  
sorry to hear this mark! did you get your issue addressed? thanks  
did you report this to staff if you were unhappy? 
thank u for reaching out, i'd like to try to help with ur card order. pls click and dm  acct type, country of acct opening, and this will assure the correct team responds to ur request. for the security of ur acct do not provide acct  or pin numbers. 
this is one for our friends at 
nope, it means that they can change things to the services offer different options depending on who is travelling. 
during school holidays when more families travel, we cater more towards them and the children. 
on my hols, day trips? 
this is so we can see what sort of traveller we have on journeys and if there is any trends we need to know of. 
unfortunately there wouldn't be any other options. 
there may be other local car parks around. 
it opens at 06:15 jen. 
which service is it? 
you'd need to log it here 03331 031 031 option 1, 3 
apologies louis, what's your local store? i'll check their stock levels for you. steven
thanks louis. our system is showing that balham will have a delivery today. you can call ahead on 020 8675 1162 to avoid disappointment. dan
no worries louis. i hope you get your hands on some! dan
i'll keep my fingers crossed for you. if you have any other issues please get back in touch! dan
these are showing at only 95p for a 100g bottle. kind regards 
hi louis, can you confirm if this is the one you are on about? 
hi louis, unfortunately i cannot see that we stock this product, however i would be happy to put a suggestion in on your behalf
hi louis, if you dm with your full name and email i can log your suggestion on our system for your store. 
may i suggest that next time you are in store, you fill out customer comment card. you can make suggestion at our customer service desk. 
hey louis, our southwark superstore are still showing stock of this product and seem to be getting them in regularly. 
really sorry about that! can you send us the barcode number? which store did you buy it in? faiza.
thanks, could you dm me on the below link your nectar card number please? i'd like to feed this back and pop some points on for you. mariya 
...code. sorry to disappoint. liz 
not to worry nicola, you can log a product request with our buyers by following this link: 
no problem at all, have a good day. steven
if you left your email address you'll get an update within 28 days. dan
hi nicola, i'm sorry about that. these get reviewed by our buyers and unfortunately we can't guarantee that all customer requests are accepted. rob
hi nicola, i've had a look on our store stock system and unfortunately there's nothing showing under that  product...
glad we can provide for you, all the best. steven
sorry rachel, can you tell me the style/sku number please? what store were these purchased from? steven
thanks, can you tell me what size you bought? if you have your receipt, you can take them back to the store for a refund or exchange. faiza.
what's your local store jack? i'll check for you. steven
thank you! i'm afraid the offer is no longer on jack. sorry to disappoint! marc
sorry about that, can you tell me the barcode number &amp; store this was purchased from please? steven
thanks. was this a pack of 2 ripe and ready avocados? thanks, karen
if you dm us your nectar card number on the below link i'll arrange a refund for you and ensure this is fed back for our buyers. thanks, sam 
we hate to hear of this happening to you, jake! check out our link on how to report fraud, we'd  greatly appreciate this from you, let's get this taken care of. 
my goodness! we apologize for the hassle, jake. could we get you to provide your full name, best contact, and time to call? this would greatly help us both out, eagerly awaiting your next response! 
let's sort this out, joy. which windows version are you using? were there any changes on the device prior to the issue?
hi, lena! we're here to help. can you tell us more information about this? a screenshot of the setting will also matter.
thank you for the screenshot! can you specify the exact setting or feature you're looking for in powerpoint?
hmm. that's not possible yet, but we do encourage you to post that feedback for powerpoint here: 
got it, sanjay. we suggest that you send it back to the store where you purchased the laptop and have it checked for defects.
thanks for the info. lets sort error 0xc0000034 by referring to jessens comment here: 
 here's the link: 
 hi. we understand. in that case, we suggest that you contact our answer desk support for more in-depth troubleshooting.
hi! how's everything?please let us know more about your experience here:
thank you, sanjay. please also secure a service request number and send it to us via dm in case you need further assistance.
thank you for the reply! will wait for it so that we can escalate the issue.
how is it going? please confirm if they've provided you a srx generated when you've reached the support line. send it via dm.
we'll wait for you. feel free to contact us
roger that! have a safe trip on the way home. :)
hi, sanjay! help is here. to clarify, can you send us a screenshot of the screen where it says that you need to reinstall?
hi! how's everything?please let us know more about your experience here:
hi. we're here to help, sassan. to solve the store issue, we suggest that you run app troubleshooter: 
perhaps we get this resolved here first. :)
you might wanna try updating your device drivers: 
if that's the case, let's ask for further help via our  answer desk. see this link: 
hi! how's everything?please let us know more about your experience here:
hi. if you send us a dm, our customer services team will be able to advise. thanks.
were sorry about this. if you still have the receipt and packaging, youre welcome to return it to store for a full refund. thanks.
hi aj, thanks for your query. if you send us a dm, our customer services team will be able to advise. thanks.
delicious cake!
 if your kids love cooking! we'd love to see a pic of the last thing you cooked together. 
hi kelly, thanks for your query. if you send us a dm, our customer services team will be able to advise. thanks.
hi there, thanks for your query. if you send us a dm, our customer services team will be able to advise. thanks.
hi ahmed, thanks for the feedback! depending on the title you can leave your comments online as well. 
we are glad to hear this. please do not hesitate to contact us with any further questions. thank you.
hi, we're sorry to hear this. have you tried to uninstall and reinstall the app? we are a dm away if we can assist further. thank you.
can you please dm us with your reservation code, jean? we are here to help.
welcome to the club, julie!  
this is why the offer didn't work. sorry to disappoint you and hope this explains why! thanks 
that'd be great forward to hearing from you later on.
what was it you bought? please tweet a screenshot of the t&amp;cs so we can look into this.
...16-digit sparks card number and a picture of your full receipt (showing the points you missed out on)'ll help.  
we apologise, this was a mistake on our website and is currently being updated.
tonight, lets enjoy the feast &gt; 
sorry to see this :( we'll get this fed back to our food team, we hope it still tasted lovely! thanks
compensation was paid.  
this system will be going automatic in the future. 
hi matt  what number was it that called you exactly? dm us more info, we'll feed this back for you. 
hi stephanie  what's happened to make you say this exactly? have you been in touch with the insurance team directly?
our insurance team will resolve this for you as soon as they possibly can. do you have a spare phone you can use?
 our loan phones are basic devices we can supply so you can make calls/send texts. we're sorry you feel this way.
hi, do you have a business contract or pay monthly?
this is no longer available. were streamlining our international calling products, a new product will be launched early next year.
hi there, are you looking for a pay as you go sim or mobile broadband? have you taken a look online?: 
hi jake, we'll send you an email/text update once it's dispatched. not long now! excited?
request you to visit idea store (
we are here to help you. please dm your idea &amp; alternate number for further assistance. regards, mahindra
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
dm information requested for, we'll follow up on all issues.  @119433
hi, we're sorry to hear this. dm your number and error experienced for follow up. for fiber, what feedback were you given?  @119433
your feedback has been noted and will be taken into consideration. 
&gt;&gt; the baggage will be tagged to the last destination too. :)
hi jita, may we know your booking number please ? before advice further. thank you- mariya
visa is not required for kul for fly-thru booking as you only need to proceed to transfer hall, jita. &gt;&gt;
yes firdaus. you can have it done via the check in portal . thanks-emir
we will assist you via dm, firdaus. :)
oh no! have you filed a lost and found claim?  
you can use this form to file a claim. our baggage services office will work hard to find her ring!  
fancy, right?
i am sorry for your trouble,can you please provided us the email address so we can refund you the money back to your account?
thanks for this message. sorry for the trouble.  please dm us with your email address &amp; we'll reach out right away!
hello @122460, we appreciate your tweet. thank you. 
ups has strick policies in place to protect customers information. ups does not sell any information that is received. 
i'm sorry you've been getting the calls. ups does not sell or release our customers information to anyone. 
i'm sorry to hear this. please reach out in a dm with you tracking number, phone number and your full address. 
the only offer i can see on that is the 20% off kids mattresses
i'm sorry that we didn't get back to your, david.  did you collect the item from 1 of our stores or was it delivered to you? -- mat
could you tell me the catalog number/numbers?
what product was it that you purchased?
hi dave i can confirm that that offer did end yesterday im afraid.
sorry about that! can you dm us your order number so we can look into this ~ olly
ah i see, we'd be happy to look into this further on this end and would just need some details to do so. is that okay? 
that's alright, if you could email your postal address and best contact number we'll take it from there! is that okay? 
thanks for the extra info! can you email your details to __email__ so we can look into this further? 
hi there, thanks for getting in touch! is there something you'd like us to take a look into? 
thanks for the extra info! so we can help further, can you email your details to __email__? 
thanks for getting in touch, we'd be happy to help with this! what were you looking to discuss with our credit card team? 
thanks for the extra info! can you email your details to __email__ so we can help with this? 
let's take a look at this for you abigail! when did you apply for your isa account with us? 
let's see what we can do to help with this! when did you apply for your credit card with us? 
thanks for the extra info caroline! i'll take a look at your dm now and pick it up from there 
thanks for confirming, is there something you'd like us to take a look into for you? 
 that's right, heads together were our official charity last year.  which account do you like the look of?  
hi, let's take a look!  what type of virgin money accounts do you hold?  
of course, that's what we're here for! 
please can you send me a dm with your contact number and i will let you know as soon as i've got this sorted.
...please ask one of my colleague the next time you are in and they will help you find it. :)
... it may just be its placement at the moment the reason why you can't find it. please ask when your next in :)
hey lono, can you let me know your local store and i'll find out for you
hi claudia, which store do you shop in? i'll find out for you.
thanks, i'll find out from our buyers and get back to you once i get a response.
i'll pass your feedback on.
hi dave, sorry that this happened again. i have alerted the station to fix this, serena
hi dave can i have your oyster card number please? 
 hi there, we're not aware of any problems here, but i've let the station know so that the barriers can be checked, serena.
hi khaled, yes, you have to pay a 5 refundable deposit. thanks 
i'm sorry we weren't able to deliver your parcel! we'd like to help! when you have the time, please reach out to us here: 
thank you very much for the update. glad everything was sorted out. hope you receive your order soon. keep us posted. 
we want our team to investigate this further with you. please reach out to us using this secure link: 
apologies for the late response. kindly dm the affected number plus the error you are getting we check and advise. 
we're still excited to share robinhood internationally, but we're just not ready to share new plans at this time. stay tuned! 
please don't provide your order details as we consider it personal information. our twitter page is visible to public.()
allow our support team to investigate this. you can report this here: 
hi, you can dm us here with more info.  
without giving account specifics, can you tell us a little more about the issue you're experiencing? 
sorry about this! have you tried any troubleshooting steps like restarting the device or logging out and back in? 
bonjour, il se peut qu'un article rserv exclusivement aux membres du programme prime, redevienne disponible pour tous les clients.
nous ne manquerons pas de remonter votre remarque au dpartement concrn afin de contribuer  l'amlioration de nos services.
merci pour votre comprhension. 
hi, did we provide a time line for when you should expect an update? 
feedback for your complaint can be directed to our leadership via the email survey form you received after the contact. 
there would have been an option to receive another call back. did you select that? 
please give us another call, amber. we would like to talk further with you about your complaint. 
i'm sorry to hear this! have you checked for any e-mails indicating they haven't been able to reach you? 
could you please tell us more about the issue for better understanding? 
that seems odd. any particular error, you are seeing? do let us know. 
you can connect with our team using this link: 
can call us.  
sorry to learn that, please contact us here: 
apologies for the trouble. we'll consider this instance as feedback and will work on it for improvements. 
oh my! i'm sorry for the poor experience. without sharing personal information, can you tell us more about what's going on? 
have you tried getting in touch here: 
when you spoke with our support team, what options were we able to explore with you? 
i understand, alisa. are you able to see the remaining replacements in your order history here: 
apologies, please contact us once more here: 
thanks ailsa- please let us know how it goes and if there is any issue. 
sorry for the hassle. please report this to our support team here: 
we are happy to hear all is working as expected again. enjoy the rest of your day.
you mentioned the bluetooth icon shows as not available sometimes. is the bluetooth icon grayed out at the top? when this occurs, are you able to toggle bluetooth on and off via system preferences? let's dig into this deeper over dm: 
we know how essential bluetooth is to using wireless devices. we'll be happy to work with you to get to the bottom of this. to confirm, you updated to macos 10.13.1, correct? have you tried unpairing and repairing your bluetooth devices?
we understand how important your iphone is, and we're here to help. send us a dm, and we'll take a closer look at your device together there. 
thank you for showing us those screenshots. which version of ios 11 do you have on your iphone right now? you can check at: settings &gt; general &gt; about
does the logo return to normal after the app loads? does this happen with all apps?
did this just happen when you updated to ios 11.1.2 or did you notice it with a previous ios update? did the slowness start with this update or a previous update? let us know in dm. we'll continue there. 
sorry for the hassle. please connect with our support team here: 
the alexa app will be available in the app store / play store when the devices start shipping the week of oct 30.
we would like to help you. please share your details with us here: 
sorry about the issue with emi. please report this to our support team here: 
please don't provide your order details, we consider it to be personal information. our page is visible to public. () 
sorry for the hassle. id like to help, please fill this form: 
swaroop, we ship the items to meet the estimated date of the order, kindly wait till the estimates provided. 
hi there! please send us a note at 
here to help! please visit 
we're happy to take a closer look, nitish. please send us a note at 
if you can send me your name, address &amp; email by dm i will try a few fixes on your account 
hi matt, we're experiencing technical issues with the website, our it team are working hard to resolve this. sorry for any inconvenience. ty
hi matt thanks for getting in touch, i am sorry you are experiencing problems booking a slot :( 
keep climbing eric! 
hello, i am so sorry about your flights. can you please dm your confirmation number so i can assist? thank you. 
...us know.  
hello. follow/dm your confirm # and or ticket # concerning this travel.  
we let you down and i am deeply sorry for that. we regret any frustration we have caused. if there is anything we can do please let... 
please let us know if we can assist you in any way. enjoy your flight.  
thanks for the shout out and thanks for flying delta.  
thanks. can you try logging out &gt; restarting your device &gt; logging back in help? let us know how it goes /rs
hmm. best thing to try here is a quick reinstall. just follow the steps at 
2: go to artist radio &gt; follow that radio station. that should do the trick! let us know if you have other questions /gk
1: got it. just in case, you can add artists to your radio by going to an artist you like &gt; click on the three dots (...) &gt; click on /gk
hey, help's here! can you let us know the device, operating system, and spotify version you're using? we'll see what we can suggest /rs
hey there! we've just sent a dm your way. let's carry on chatting there /ac
hi there! we've just sent a dm your way. let's carry on chatting there /pl
hi there. please see your dm's for more info on this issue.
help is here! i would  to get this all turned around for you! click here &gt;
hey there! i understand the value of a reliable app! we only want the best for you! send us a dm, and we'll assist! 
that's sure an awesome sight to see, ben. we can't think of a better way to start off the day!
our apologies for the late start. we'll get our crew complete and get you going soon.
our airport team is working on this. thanks for your continued patience.
we'll be in the air soon and our team will do all they can to make up the time in the skies.
if they're going to let you off the plane, we can move you to flight 19 departing at 9:05a instead. please let us know if that will work.
we've moved you to the 9:05a flight, but we're unable to offer an upgrade. please dm us when you land and we'll look at other options.
we're not able to offer complimentary upgrades from here. we're sorry for the frustration.
we see your dm and will reply to your comment there.
our fleet is getting younger, and younger by the day. keep an eye out for the exciting changes that are to come.
we know this can be frustrating, paul. please meet us in dms with your record locator, or ticket number.
our apologies for the late start, we have an updated departure time of 7:35a. thanks for your patience.
the departure has been updated to 7:45a. we'll get you headed out soon.
we're boarding now and we'll have you wheels up shortly!
good morning! we can't wait to have you on board. have a greaat flight.
you're a part of our faamily, jennifer. we love seeing you bright and early!
we're here to help, eric! have you had the chance to review these helpful tips: 
ok try this:  ask "alexa spotify connect"she will reply with  something like "choose echo from spotify connect list"  then you can go into your spotify app and choose echo under device list. let us know if this helps. i know it is not a link but it may help you! 
thanks for the additional information, eric! we'd like to take a look into this with you. when you get a moment, please contact us via chat or phone: 
you're welcome! 
were disappointed to hear this. which flight were you travelling on, anna? do you need any help to rebook?
your booking ref/executive club number and full name. thanks!  
hi, how can we help you? 
hi matt, we're following you now if you would like to dm us further information? thanks. 
such as do you have an adult collecting you etc. hope this helps!  
full name and contact number, so we can assist you.  
hi michele, we're sorry you've not been able to speak with anyone. if you dm us your issue, booking ref,  
hang in there, rafy. we are working hard to get you on your way! 
please contact our critical response line. click the "call me" button and enter your number at 
we'd be happy to look into this. please dm us the phone number or email address associated with your account. 
hi, you can find information on this topic at 
we're hoping this week. lewis
hi there. we are hoping fares will be released by the end of the week
hello matthew. the timetable has been revised and advance fares are expected to go on sale by the end of the week.
you're welcome.
hi anya. sorry to hear this. which service are you on please?
bonjour julien, nous vous invitons de venir en dm muni de votre adresse email paypal pour en discuter d'avantage 
i'm afraid that wouldn't be possible sorry, you can find cheap fares here though 
i'll get this fed back tom. 
what issues are you having tom? 
i will report this for you david. 
amazing jenny! well done everyone. lauren
apologies, what time will you be visiting the store? i'll call ahead &amp; check for you. steven
really sorry about that, can you tell me the barcode number &amp; store this was purchased from please? steven
...arrange a full refund plus a goodwill gesture to apologise for the inconvenience. steven 
i'll get this logged with the store manager immediately. if you dm your nectar card number &amp; full name using the below link, i'll... 
very spooky helen. steven
looks delicious. steven
apologies claire, you can log a product request with our buyers by following this link: 
what's your local store jarvis, i'll check their stock for you. steven
...product request with our buyers here: 
thank you! unfortunately these aren't available in any stores near you jarvis. if you like, you can place a... 
hi there, what's your local store? i'll check their stock for you. steven
...feedback into consideration. steven 
i've had a quick look &amp; it doesn't look like we stock this product. if you contact the manufacturer directly i'm sure they'll take your..
hi there, what's your local store? do you have a barcode number at all? steven
sorry for the delay. i'm afraid we no longer stock this product. i'm sorry for the inconvenience caused. shaun
sorry about this. we have a limited stock of these items as they are seasonal. shaun
really sorry jimmy, can you give me the barcode from the pack? liz
thank you, if you dm me your nectar card number via this link i can get a refund added plus extra and make sure this is fed back. robbie 
...sort you out with some points as a gesture of our goodwill. liz 
no problem, if you dm me your full name and address via this link i can get a gift card sent your way instead. robbie 
hi there, sorry about this. could you send me a pic of the barcode please? which store did you buy this from? robbie
i'm very sorry gayle. can you give me some more info please so i can look into this for you? shaun
hi kristine, really sorry about that. could you dm me on the below link your order number please? mariya 
we're sorry, we are not able to provide further information in regard to this. we'll document your thoughts. 
currently, not all branches have notary services available. we suggest calling your local branch for availability. 
this has been stopped and unfortunately we've got no information if they are coming back. however i would like to log your suggestion. can you dm me with your  full name, full address or email please? ty, andy 
oh! that isn't what we like to hear. can you tell us a bit more about what has happened? we are here to help 
i have just replied  thanks 
great question!once you save the search select the option to receive notifications.see here for info 
hey, that does sound strange  can you please send a pm with the item number and buyer id? thanks 
 hi, kuzz! let's have our friends at help us with this. feel free to send them a direct message. you can
concerns with customer services here &gt; 
customer services aim to reply within 20 working days. 
hi sophie, there is no need for a petition. we have already committed to have at seat charging on all trains by december 2020. 
hi joanna, pre-booked tickets need to be printed &amp; collected before travel the station chosen at time of purchase, thanks you can collect pre-booked tickets from ticket machines :-)
hello, you can! you just need to use any bank card in the machine to confirm that it is you collecting the tickets!
hello, sorry i would have thought the same. but i have just had it confirmed to me that for paypal payments card is ok
hello, thank you i have logged this, in the mean time could you possibly use a different browser?
hello, the conductor of that service has retrieved a wallet from that service. could you please dm us the name to confirm?
hi johnathan, delivery times are provided when placing your pre-order. we'll also update you by email/text when it's on the way :)
you'll receive a notification to let you know when yours has been dispatched 
we've no way of checking this, we're afraid. the timescale will have shown when you placed your pre-order. we'll get it to you asap.
 did you take a look at the steps we sent over previously rosie? let us know:
 did you take a look at the steps we sent over yesterday anne?
we request you to dm us your contact  that we can assist you better.
rgds,mohit 
sorry for trouble. we want to inform you that your concern has been addressed and suitable resolution has been communicated.
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
please let us know your convenient time so we can contact you soon. rgds, yogita
dm information requested for, we'll follow up on all issues.  @119433
we have replied to the dm.  @119433
hi gabi, if you can send your booking details to me via a dm, i can check this for you 
i'm glad you have now checked in and good luck with the marathon! 
hi andy, this should now be working fine if you try again 
please try again a bit later andy and this will be working fine. sorry for any inconvenience with this 
sorry about this steph, we are experiencing a few issues at the moment but please try again a little later 
hi there, can i check which passport you hold and where you are travelling to? 
it would be best to check with the us embassy regarding what you are required to travel, just to be sure 
this should be absolutely fine then but you would just need to check in at the airport on this occasion 
a member of the team will be back in touch with you soon pritpal. thank you 
this is a legit address with real people used to work in that department so someone will get back to you as soon as they can 
so sorry about this, pls can i ask you to email your concerns to __email__ and someone will look into what happened
sorry about that shaun. have you now been able to log back in? 
really sorry shaun there is an issue which our it team are working on. please try again a bit later 
can you please clarify if this is in relation to sql data warehouse?  
we found some documentation that might help with this: 
sorry for the confusion. please see the link provided: 
just checking in to see if you created a forum post. if so, send us on the link and we can escalate this internally. 
hello olusegun, we apologize. may we know the exact issue? so
we empathize. may we have your number, error message, exact location with landmarks, issue duration and device type? so
good afternoon, send stopimage or unsubimage to 6611 to deactivate the service. so
hello aremu, dial # for bumpa. so
sorry, the device is not compatible with our 4g service. thank you. so
sorry for the trouble. did you get any alert from norton? let us know, we can help!
sure, we already replied to you dm.
doing good. let us know if you need any help with norton.
my apologies. if you can dm me your collection details i can look into this for you.
hi there, that's not good, can you dm us your order number and details so we can look into this for you ~ olly
sry to see this! plz dm us so we can make this right! 
we don't have a set date yet but keep an eye out when your next in store. 
hey there,  these will be replaced with packs of 20. hope this helps :)
hiya, please contact your local stores community champion, they will be able to help you further 
you're welcome
oh dear mark! please dm us with the barcode, receipt, store name and more card / full address. let us sort it for you
hi there, sorry about that. i've contacted our buyer to find out. we'll let you know as soon as they come back to us
no, sorry. we'll let you know once the buyer gets back to us
hey there, the product will be available online next week :)
no worries :)
we want to offer our assistance. can you please dm your full name, zip code and a few more details about what occurred? 
thank you for reaching out to us. we would be happy to help. please dm your name, zip code, and more details.  
i'm sorry to hear that heather. have you been given any advice since the issue began? 
have you checked your junk/spam folders to make sure the e-mails aren't getting filtered out? 
please provide a few more details and a member of my team will personally look into this further: 
no problem, heather! below the sign in button there is the option to skip sign in. click on that since you don't have access.
we just received the form, heather! someone will contact you soon! 
es knnen zwei titel gleichzeitig geschaut werden. aber nicht der gleiche titel parallel auf zwei gerten. 
amazonamazontn
 pour des questions de scurit, veuillez supprimer la capture d'cran avec le numro de suivi. le mur est public. 
 bonjour, vous pouvez trouver le nom du point relais en accdant au site du transporteur via : 
please dont provide your order details as it is personal information. our twitter page is visible to the public. 
you're most welcome. 
sorry about the stretch, ashish. please connect with us here: 
hi, are you using the app? you can click on the drop down arrow beside the quantity of items. 
my apologies susan. please get in touch: 
as we're unable to view your account via twitter,pls contact here:
anytime! we are always here to help in any way we can. 
hi, you can change the quantity on the 'review your order' page. 
sorry to know that, please connect with our support team here: 
vielen dank fr den hinweis, ich lasse das gleich mal von den kollegen prfen. viele gre 
could you please tell us more about your concern? we'd like to look into it. 
truly sorry for the inconvenience. kindly submit your details here:
sorry to learn that you had issues with our courier partner, i'll forward this feedback internally and we'll look into it.
hi, the account specialists would require the information to be provided via fax. s
did you receive anything from an a/c specialist? please also check your spam/junk folder. 
i'm sorry you don't have your parcel! have you had the chance to reach our phone support? if so, what info was provided? 
oh no! i'm so sorry to hear about this. were you provided with an updated delivery date? please keep us posted! 
hi, has a follow up been arranged for you? what is the most recent info we provided? 
hello, we would not have access to your via twitter. please reach out to us directly and we will be glad to help. 
please submit this secure form to allow us to look into it further: 
once we receive the completed form, we will be able to escalate to the relevant team 
can you see the option to 'skip sign in' when you click the previous link? 
great! thank you for letting us know. someone will be in touch as soon as possible. 
hi, sorry to hear this, are you able to ask for an update to the email you received from social media or the vendor team? 
we wouldn't have access to any account info from here. what was advised when you reached out for support? 
bom dia vini, por favor contata a suporte ao cliente para que possam te informar sobre o pago: 
i'm sorry for the wrong update. please get in touch with us via 
thank you for your feedback, abhinav. i will have this forwarded to the concerned team internally. 
i've noted your comments and will be sure to forward this as a feedback internally.  
with local pronunciations and intonation; support for music titles, names and places in additional non-english languages. 
we'd like to have a look into this. kindly report it here: 
while trying to contact us using the link shared earlier.  
i'm sorry to know about that. could you please let us know what error you're are getting  
hate to hear you are having this issue.  if you are unable to get a message to go through while on wi-fi then that sounds like an issue with the wi-fi itself unless it happens on every wi-fi.  is your imessages off?
well that sounds extremely frustrating, especially considering what you do.  our steps we have are for when a customer can not send on our network.  however, have you tried backing up your phone, then resetting your phone through itunes?
ok let see what apple comes up with to see if the phone need a reset the chat will be open. just let us know the outcome with apple solution.
we'd like to take a look in your area to check the services. please send us a dm in order to further assist.
we'll be waiting for your message.
hey there! are you having any issues with the services? please let us know in order to further assist.
other languages are not yet supported, alexa delivers a customized indian experience, including an all-new english voice  
hi lizbeth. this is truly not the experience i want for you. you deserve the best customer service we've got. send me a dm so we can get started on turning this around. 
here to help! send us a note at 
sorry to hear about the trouble! we have your in-app request and will follow up with you soon. thanks for your patience.
thank you for your continued patience we are reviewing your message and will be in touch soon.
sorry for the trouble! send us a note here, 
here to help! send us a note at 
here to help! please reach out to 
hi there! please send us a note at 
hi there! please send us a note at 
that's not a problem soph, have a lovely day also :). thanks, james
hi there, i've just spoken to store and they have confirmed there is a small selection of dairy free milk options in store. thanks, james
hi thomas, was the purchase in store or online? can you dm me you name, address and email? ty andrew
could you also provide me a contact number so i can get them to all you asap. ty
hey aaron, i'm sorry you haven't received your phone call, can you please tell me who you spoke to, what it was regarding? 
i'm showing you are on the list for an upgrade. 
may i have your confirmation number? please dm for privacy. 
i'm sorry. 
135pm flight is quite full. i'm not able same day confirm for this time. 
are you requesting a medallion upgrade? 
good morning, katie. thank you for the cool pic.  
i will share you comments with our airport leadership. 
thank you for tweeting. please let me know if you need any assistance via twitter. 
hey there! we've just sent you a bit more info over dm. we'll carry on helping out there /rs
sure thing! we're here for you! send us a dm with your question so we can assist! 
we're really concerned to hear this, lisa. could you give us some more information? 
making a complaint. we'll then contact you back.  
hi lisa, you can either send us a long dm or contact us via the web form / email address that is on our website under contact us and 
hi san, were you provided with an explanation? 
what a gorgeous morning to fly! enjoy the ride.
our #aateam is amazing. we're so glad they took excellent care of you this weekend.
we've received your dm and will follow-up with you there shortly.
our apologies for the wait and we appreciate your patience. we'll be wheels up and on our way as soon as we can.
it's a greaat morning to have you on board with us, myra. we'll have you wheels up soon!
i'm sorry about that, we will certainly check it out. in the meantime, is there something we can help you with? 
happy to have you onboard today, mike! enjoy your trip! 
good morning. please dm your confirmation number so we can take a closer look.  
absence makes the heart grow fonder. hope to see you back onboard soon, kent!  
congratulations, mike! that's so exciting. where's our first trip going to be to? 
that's amazing, mike! we can't wait. send us a dm with your rapid rewards number so we can send you a little something for your trip!  
sounds like we need to learn a little more. dm us if we can lend a hand.  
he's one brave soul, lawrence. keep an eye out for him! ;) 
can you please send me a direct message providing me with your nearest cross streets and zip code?
can you please send me a direct message providing me with the make and model of your device?
please allow me the chance to look into this for you.
hey there. are you having issues with your service? if yes, please send us a dm,  we would be happy to help.
hi q.  find out the status of your order at 
thanks for reaching out with this concern byrd. please send us a direct message, so that we can provide some info to you.
we most definitely agree with you. steven
we're very excited christian. steven
glad you think so, if you need anything else please don't hesitate to contact us. have a good day. steven
i'm terribly sorry for the inconvenience caused illiyon. take care! lauren
what issues are you having? 
i'll get this reported. 
if you speak with staff they can reset the router. 
hopefully it will pick up time on route eddie. 
sorry for that eddie. 
it should have departed now, but was late due to it being late in to the station. 
you'll need to contact __email__ 
i'm afraid not, you'd need to get the booked service. 
i'm afraid so yes. 
you will need to get the next available one after yours. 
not with advance ticket no i'm afraid. 
it's because they are the cheaper tickets sold to fill quieter services so there are more restrictions. 
i'm afraid the rule will still apply. 
 hi, kizz! let's have our friends at help us with this. feel free to send them a direct message. you can
 contact them through this link: 
hi there, please send us a dm or call 0800 042 0800 to find out about local stock levels. thanks.
have you got your hands on our wine advent calendar yet? its in stores today, but youll have to be quick, its very popular!  
ha, we love the name of that! if you need to check which railcards apply to you, the team can help
thank you for getting back to us. we've updated your case manager who will follow up with you shortly. thanks!
we have directly spoken to your case manager. they will contact you imminently. thank you for your continued patience.
we've updated your case manager and advised them to reach out shortly. thank you.
hi lu, thank you. we have received your dm and will respond there.
we believe that to finish the verifications on your account you need to upload an online id. this link will help: 
we are unable to give a timeframe as all cases are personally handled by a case manager. rest assured that we're looking into your case.
hi there, we understand your frustration, however, we are working on this case for you and a case manager will be in contact with you soon.
we're sorry to hear of this dleay, lu. we have updated your case accordingly. your case manager we be contacting you as soon as possible.
please reply to the email from your case manager to get the most accurate information about your case. we appreciate your patience.
we apologize for the stress this has caused you. please rest assured your case is in the proper hands. we appreciate your continued patience
hi lu, this team doesn't have a specific email, but rest assured that they will follow-up with you as soon as they are able. thank you.
the specialized team only communicates via email. we apologize for any inconvenience that this may cause.
we are unable to give a time frame, but we can confirm that its with a specialist who will be in the best position to assist. thank you.
thank you. we have updated the specialist assigned to your case and they will be in contact with you soon.
we are here to help lu. we have updated your case again and asked for someone to follow up with you as soon as possible. thank you.
we know this isn't ideal, but rest assured that your case was updated and a case manager will follow-up asap. thanks for your understanding.
we're sorry for the delay. please rest assured your case is being looked at and you'll receive an update as soon as possible. thank you.
reviewed by an appropriate team and one of our colleagues will contact you to follow up. thank you. 
we apologize for the delay, lu. we were unable to find an account using that email address. was it the one you signed up with? 
hi sykin, could you please dm us more info? we'd like to have a look. thanks!
we've just responded to your dm 
we apologise, this is a mistake on our website and is currently being updated.
today, we're celebrating 50 years in northern ireland! were proud to have been great friends through the years. heres to 50 more!  
we apologise, this is a mistake on our website and is currently being updated.
we apologise, this is a mistake on our website and is currently being updated.
we always advise to call store early before making a special journey to help you out. thanks for letting us know. 
...stores have great availability. hope you're able to visit us soon! 
our true red (100ml) isn't due to return  which stores can you visit? we'll see if we can track it down for you in store.
is this the one you're after, holly? &gt; 
we're really sorry this wasn't available in our trafford centre store or the pop up gift shop store which they have. 
your train.  
hi david, sorry about this. we have committed to having at seat charging points on all trains by december 2020. 
 check our network tips here: 
 what's the full postcode please? send it by dm if you prefer. we'll take a closer look. 
ah that's okay, we're pleased to hear it's all sorted now 
 what were you advised exactly? have you tried rebooting your device?
oh  what happens when you try to add a bolt-on via my o2? are you getting an error message? dm us more info. 
 chat with us here becky and we'll take a look: 
hi there, if you're on an xbox one console, can you please send dm: 
hi neil  did we confirm you were eligible for the offer? is the monthly cost of your new airtime plan higher than the old one?
hmm, okay. please chat with us here: 
we've just replied to your dm hayley, so we can help further with this.
hi wanda. please dm us more info, we'd like to help from here. 
okay, have you thought about setting up a direct debit?
ah okay, if you want to change your bill date for future payments then please chat to us here 
ah okay, have you been able to pay your bill now?
hi sophilouise  what happens when you try to pay your bill? are you receiving any error messages? dm us more. 
sorry for the trouble.please dm us your idea number to assist you further.regards,pritam 
your concern has been initiated by us under ref. no.c1-101460324074 &amp; you shall hear on 08/nov/2017 05:05:50 pm. rgds, richard
sorry for trouble. we request you to share your idea number for further assistance. regards, vicky 
hello karen, data bundles are utilized as per the data traffic(downloads and uploads). register....
make sure you're hungry then 
we think it'd be worth swapping as a one off at least rach...
you can enjoy them on any day for breakfast tom 
we'll suggest it to our property team!
wow's not what we like to see! dm us please trevor!
we'll let the team know you'd like to see one joanna.
*#notsohappyhumpday dm us please ashley!
sorry, we've just seen it. we'll get back to you now ashley 
we've no plans, sorry!
sorry for the inconvenience, diana. may we have the booking number to check?
that doesn't sound good. if you dm us your confirmation code we can take a look to see how we can help.  
we're sorry to hear your flight is delayed! looks like you should be boarding now.
we know how frustrating delays are and apologize for the inconvenience. you should be boarding now.
we know how hard delays are. it looks like you should be boarding now. we apologize for the inconvenience.
we understand your frustration. we do our best to avoid delays, but can't fly without our full inflight team. thanks for your patience.
we can help. dm us your confirmation code.  
for more info about our image guidelines, pls visit: 
saw your tweet, cj. if there's specific fee you'd like me to review for you, pls let me know.  
thanks for the shout out! -jazz
oh dear :/ was this bought in store or home delivered deena? ~ ellen
date purchased
transaction total
email address if provided
last 4 digits of card if used
hi deena, sorry to hear this. can you please dm the following information and i will try to locate your purchase: would be glad to help you with your shipment. can you please dm us your tracking number, full address, and phone number.  we can then look into your shipment and see what option the shipper has made available for your shipment &amp; delivery.   i apologize that your shipment had a transit delay.  i do show it is on package car out for delivery today /2017 by end of business day. should you need further please dm us directly.  
we're sorry to hear this. can you dm us the phone number on your account?
sorry about that steve! please can you send me the barcode number, store name, your (1)
thanks for your patience so far. we're still looking into this and will be in touch when we have this sorted.
sorry about this. i will contact the buying team and get back to you.
oh right mark so was this sorted for you in store?
sorry about that mark, please dm me your more card number / full address and we'll get this fed back to store, thanks
yes, when the package is in transit the shipper is typically the only party that has access to changing the address. if you have a ups my choice account you can see if the option is available online.  
we do not work on the same database, so if you have a forwarded address with the post office we will not see that. however, if we send a postcard out for address issue it would go through the post office. 
i would recommend contacting the shipper to see if the delivery address could be changed.  
i'm sorry to hear the problems you are having with the website. we would like to help you with this shipment. please provide your tracking number, phone number, and your full address in a dm. let's see what we can help with. 
if the tape becomes damaged during transit, the shipper will sometimes re-tape a package so the contents don't fall out. 
our pleasure! let us know if we can help with anything else. we're here for you! 
i'm sorry your package was tampered with. was there any damage to the items in the package? 
kindly elaborate your concern regarding the warranty. we would like to help you. 
thanks for highlighting this. 
sorry to hear of the delay. please get in touch and i'll have a specialist look into this for you: 
we would like to help you. please share your details with us here: 
we're working on it, we'll get back to you soon. 
we've responded to your dm. request you to please check it. 
kindly share the asked details via the link shared. we'll check this for you. 
kindly share your details using the link mentioned earlier, as we wouldn't be able to access your account over twitter.
i understand your concern. please share your details in the link provided earlier and we'll get back to you. 
please don't provide your order details, as we consider them to be personal info. our page is visible to the public. 
the link provided and we'll reach out to you. () 
we will not be able to work on your concern over twitter. hence, request you to share your details in () 
in order to better assist you on this, please share your details here: 
thanks for the heads up. we'll check and reach out to you with an update soon. 
kindly wait, we'll be contacting you with an update soon. appreciate your understanding. 
my apologies about the delay. request you to respond to the correspondence that was sent to you by our team for assistance.
the details are escalated to the team and we are working on your concern. we'll reach out to you once we have an update. 
we'll not be able to check your information over twitter. request you to share your details in the link provided earlier. 
aw i'm sorry to hear this. is there tracking available?: 
i'm so sorry for the trouble! without including account/personal information, could you tell us more about what's going on? 
seller support is in the best position to help you: 
glad to help, have a great day!  s
hi, we charge on dispatch. so if you can cancel successfully you won't be charged. 
here to help! send us a note at 
we've followed up via dm!
hey, sam. we've responded to your dm.
we see your dm and will be responding shortly, sam!
sorry for the delay, sam. please continue to follow up with any questions through your open thread via in app support.
sorry for the delay, sam. our team is looking into this further and will be following up with you shortly!
please send us specific details of your concern together with your email address, so we can better assist you.
happy to help! send us a note here, 
sorry to hear about that! please send us a note via 
it seems a member of our team has reached out to you. if you have further concerns, please reply to the email thread.
i'd like to raise your complaint to management and log it on our system for further review. could you please dm a few details? 
hi tim, if you dm me your full name, address and email address i will be happy to look into this for you. thanks
she will need to check with air france for a hotel voucher. 
hello, of course do you have her confirmation number? can you dm it to me? thank you.  
hi there, i'm so very sorry, can you provide your flight number so i can report this to our cabin maintenance team? 
my apology for the delay. the only flight available will be dl151 atl-lim at 5:57p arriving at 11:35p tomorrow afternoon. 
hey, we're here to help! can you let us know what's happening exactly? we'll see what we can suggest /km
hey john! we've just sent you a bit more info over dm. we'll carry on helping out there /ac
hey! this sounds like a great idea. you can show your support for the same idea in our community: 
that's very normal for pre-orders. meet us in dm if you have further questions: 
thanks for asking, do you know how to send a dm? tweets are limited to 140 characters. 
yes, the phone does not launch until nov. 3! 
help is here!  send me a dm so we can go over the options!  
could you dm us details on this, gina? we want to take a closer look! 
it's always our pleasure! thanks for choosing t-force. we'll always have your back  
we hope you have an amazing flight, jay. 
email address and some info about your query. we'll get back to you asap.  
hi anand, we're glad you managed to use the online form. just let us know if there's anything else we can help with. 
we're so sorry to hear this. have you reported this at the airport and been provided with a world tracer reference? 
name, booking ref and relevant email address for data protection. we'll happily help however we can.  
hi marta, it's a new bleed-free design which pumps fresh air from a separate source and away from the engines. 
it's definitely awesome, marta! we hope to see you on board again soon! 
thanks marta. we do look to make each of our aircraft fleet as clean as possible. our boeing 787 is a beauty on the inside and out!  
you with anything? we're following you if you like to dm us instead. if it's about a specific booking please include your full 
it's always great to see you!
we see you're all board now, scott. we'll have wheels up very soon.
we love making your entire experience the best and we're sad to hear you feel otherwise.
our apologies things aren't going as seamless as we planned. we'll have you where you need to be as quickly as we can.
stunning! must be all that much more grand in person. thank you for sharing the view with us, jamie. 
please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
good morning, if u are on the iphone forever program who can upgrade after 12 consecutive payments. are u interested in upgrading?
thanks 4 reaching out jack, please visit 
how could we assist?
please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
hi chris. what station are you at? lewis
thank you for confirming, chris. i'll raise this with the station manager.
they are usually registered quite quickly. when and where did you lose them? lewis
there are several keys register in the last few days. can you dm a description please. lewis
hi neil. all items with our lost property team are registered here: 
coaches have been ordered for both preston and lancaster. however we do not have a estimated arrival time for these at the moment. 
we will have the option in place for you to travel tomorrow instead, yes hannah 
teams will be doing this yes 
hi gill, we can't replace or remove items from set meals. rob
what's your local store? i'll check for you. steven
unfortunately we have neither of those in your local store. would you like me to check any other stores for you? mariya
we're very excited about it. steven
we're glad you think so highly of us col. all the best. steven
thanks for confirming. i've logged this with the store manager for internal review. dan
thanks catherine! did you buy one? ewan
oh no, this doesn't look great catherine! which store was this in? daryl.
could you dm me on the below link some more info please? mariya 
always happy to help hugh! mariya
glad we could help out, all the best. steven
this is amazing! faiza.
...apps on the phone to open excel files in general, or other documents just to ensure the permissions are correct? 
...with or would like to double check with us!  
no worries, always happy to help clarify these behaviors know where to find us if there's anything else you need assistance... 
hi gabrielle, on which windows device are you opening the excel file? which version of the windows store dropbox app is running?
hi, we saw your tweet. we'd love to have you as a customer! if you have any questions about our products, feel free to ask. 
we'll keep chasing our dreams, and you keep chasing yours. we're pulling for you! 
we're so happy to hear this! please feel welcome to dm us if you need help with anything.  
we apologize. we'd like to help in any way we can. to do so, we'd need to have your mother reach out to us directly. 
i'm sorry she wasn't able to get the help she needed, but we will need to speak with her to review this further. 
i recommend that she ask to speak with a senior service specialist. we'll be happy to look into the issue for her. 
we want to help, but we'll need to speak with her directly. we cannot speak with you regarding your mother's account. 
if only we had sent this alert on the spookiest day of the year. looks like we were a little off. 
for the security of your account, please delete this message with your personal information. 
we're happy to see you're still with us!  let us know if we can be of any help. 
your concern is important to us, and i'd like to help. please dm your name and zip code.  
we would like to further discuss your message; please dm your name, zip code and more details.  
we're always here to help. tweet us if you need us! 
thank you for reaching out to us. we recommend reviewing your account online at 
we never want this to represent us at chase. please dm your name, zip, and additional details.  
thanks for your reply. once the item has been listed you cannot remove this option. do you usually list items from the app? 
this shows on all buy it now listings to attract more buyers. don't worry, you can auto-decline low offers: 
() happy to check your options if you can dm with the details so we can help you further with this 
oh! sorry to see that. our sellers are  typically very cooperative. what's the reason you are requesting that refund? ()
do not worry, we have your back!be sure to open a return request with the seller 
() able to ask us to intervene and provide a solution within the return case details.let us know if any trouble doing it
that's odd as most of our sellers are very cooperative. if you opened a request for an item not as described, you will be ()
() so we can help and dm us with details if any trouble doing that. we'll be here for you! 
be assured we protect buyers in the rare case of having issues with a transaction.make sure you follow the steps indicated()
funds should be released to you with 3 days after tracking show item deliv. did you upload the tracking information on ebay? 
that's great! it will then be 3 days after the tracking shows item being delivered thanks 
hi  clare, you can find more information about this here. 
hi, i'm afraid this cannot be exchanged for cash and i can't see why it would be rejected at harpenden. 
have you considered changing your tariff to something more suitable? you can view available tariffs here: 
 do you have wifi assist on your phone? do you have automatic updates turned on? let us know, we'd like to help: 
hi paul  what's happened to make you say this exactly? please dm us more info, we'd like to help. 
if you let us know some more info on what's happened we would like to help paul: 
we've no date to share just now zoe but it's something we're working on. keep an eye on our feed/website for updates.
texts over wifi is under development and will be available next year.
we understand how frustrating this must be for you , you could use a third party messaging for messaging until we roll out texts over wifi.
hi there, is there a specific area you're having signal issues in? could you dm the full postcode: 
absolutely i do agree are so many stops and can be very stressful for non-regular passengers especially. will pass on!
hi janet, sorry to hear this - &amp; thankyou for accompanying the couple. please let me know the service so i can feed this back?
sorry, if this is stopping you from submitting the request the details &amp; pic of ticket to __email__  instead.
please let us know convenient time to reach you as we were unable to get through on given contact number. rgds, richard
sorry for trouble.please dm us your idea number and alternate number to assist you better.
rgds,mohit 
hi, check dm please. 
we are working on sorting it asap, we ask for your patience meanwhile.
with business select fares you are guaranteed an a1-a15 boarding position, have access to the flyby lane at security, receive a drink while onboard and earn 12 points per dollar for your purchase. you can find more info here: 
for the future if you're just looking to change your boarding position you can look into upgraded boarding which ranges from $30-$40 per segment: 
 alright. checking.
here to help! please visit 
happy to follow up! contact us via 
if you didn't receive an email inviting you to purchase, or they were sold out, we sadly wont be able to offer you a ride pass this month.
let's take a further look into this. please send us a dm with your email and phone number linked to your account.
hi there! we're here to help. send us a note here, 
here to help! please visit 
hey adelio! can you please provide your account email so we can better connect? we will follow up.
here to help! send us a note at 
here to help! send us a note at 
here to help! send us a note via 
sorry for the trouble! send us a note here, 
as the new bag is a bag for life it will be exempt from the levy (which only applies to single use bags). 
the bag for life is made from 94 per cent recycled material.  
enjoy! have a wonderful day! 
thanks for flying with us today john. #keepclimbing 
hi, dino, i'm very sorry to hear we let you down. please reach out to us if there is something we can assist you with. 
hey there, we're here if we can assist with any flight information. the gate agent is not able to open the door once it's closed. 
i apologize for the service failure; not what you expect when you fly us. pls dm if i can assist with changes.  
please reach out to us anytime; we're here for you. we appreciate you being a part of what makes us great! 
hi, michael, the love is mutual! thank you for flying with us and have a great day! 
counter to reissue the ticket for the flight tomorrow. 
since your sister is already checked in, please have your sister to go to the air france (cont)... 
if you have a shipping notification estimation i would pay attention to that. i'm sure you'll see something soon. 
for that particular airport. we hope this helps. 
and see if lounge access is available.  
hi, jonathan, if you go to 
hi jonathan. you can find all of our lounge locations by using this link here 
eligible for access. sorry for any disappointment.  
hi jonathan, you need to search for this by location, using the above link and selecting oneworld partner lounges. 
hi jonathan, you can check all the information on our lounges here 
looks like you had a fantastic time in our first cabin! 
also, can you let us know what device and browser you're using please?  
check in using 
hi charles. sorry you've had difficulties with the app. if uninstalling it and reinstalling it doesn't  fix the error, please try to 
we hope you have an amazing flight, lesley. where are we taking you today? 
hi charles, sorry you're having trouble retrieving your boarding pass. are you getting a specific error message? 
this is concerning to hear, david. we certainly do care, is there anything we can help with? 
please find our contact numbers using the following link: 
which department would you like to contact? as we're a social media team, we're unable to take inbound calls we're afraid. 
alternatively, you can speak with our sales team. you'll find the contact telephone number on the previous link.  
you're having.  
hi david, all sales must be done either online or through our sales number.  apologies, we will certainly feed back your comments.  
that's understandable, david! did our charming sales advisers make up for it a little at least? 
hi david, i'm afraid we can't call you out on this. please call sales team on the number on our website. we're sorry for the problems 
you could try deleting your browser caches, david. hopefully, thisll rectify the issue you've had on our website. 
your bag on their website after that. if you want to report your bag damaged we have a baggage specialist, k2 who can possibly help you. 
hi steve, we appreciate how you feel. once a bag is in the hands of a courier it's down to them to deliver it to you. you can only track 
could you let us know the details you used to complete the online form, we'll take a look in the system.  
damage. it would also be helpful to have your telephone number so we can contact you.  
hi. you should have received an automated reply if the form was successful. if the reply is not showing in your junk folder, please dm 
us with all the details that you completed on the form and a full description of the damage with any photos you have showing the 
we're sorry to hear your luggage has been damaged and you've had problems reporting this.  
we're so sorry to hear this. have you reported this at the airport and been provided with a world tracer reference? 
existing one? have you been able to speak to someone to get this sorted?  
we'll make sure to take care of your things. when you land, we'll have it waiting for you.
we're glad we could help, have a great day!
if a flight's expected to be full, we'll ask for volunteers, otherwise those in the final groups may have to check them.
what's going on that has you feeling this way?
we're sorry for the late start this morning. we're showing everyone has boarded, and we'll have wheels up soon.
it's going to be a really tight connection, unless we're able to make up time in the air. you're backed up also on flight 1501 at 12:49p.
our maintenance team will do their best to have you on your way as quickly as possible.
may i have your confirmation number so i can look into this? please dm for privacy. 
we had a ball and we're glad our team was in full spirits!
we've responded. check your dms.
it's still listed on your aadvantage account. is it not showing up on your reservation? if not, dm the number and your date of birth.
never fear, we'll have a hot cup of coffee waiting for you onboard!  
can't wait to see you onboard. happy travels! 
hi, carla. online shows availability on the 11:05 nonstop. please feel free to book online at 
that brings a smile to our faces! please dm so we can further extend our gratitude.  
what a great way to kick off those early morning flights! thanks for sharing the snack with us today, mahauganee. 
please let me know if that helps.
could you please follow us on twitter so we can further assist you.
something isn't right, please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you. yp
we would be happy to help. please follow us and send us a dm. sprint cares!
this is not the kind of feedback we want to hear. please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
we have a delivery of this item due tomorrow! i hope this helps. mariya
hi there, i can certainly have a check. which store do you usually shop in? robbie
oh no madison! where do you live? can't you get to us at all? faiza.
oh no! hopefully you'll get the chance to visit and get your fill of prawn linguine soon! reid
that's amazing! faiza.
sorry valeria. can you dm us some more info via the link please? lauren 
hey, perfekt. danke dir frs bescheid geben. :) 
dann erstmal gute fahrt und bis spter. 
wenn du diesbezglich eine berprfung wnschst, kann ich diese gern fr dich veranlassen. 
hi, vielleicht bestand in der vergangenheit ein paypal-konto mit dieser e-mail-adresse. gern kannst du uns diese ... 
hi there, apologies for the delay. we have reached out to you through dm. 
good to see  
the firstoff peak service from wilmslow it 10:11am alex. 
i see, i'm sorry for that, however the train manager will have followed the correct procedure. 
what exactly happened alex? 
have a great journey. 
we are happy with you.  
please reset the ont by holding the alarm silence button for 15 seconds. let us know if this helps. 
was the agent last night able to set an appointment for you? 
if we give up tues to try to squeeze you in sooner, we risk missing the appointment and causing further delays. 
the issue is that all of our techs are already booked up. if we tried to squeeze you in sooner we risk missing it and losing next tues. 
can you tell us what other lights are lit on that device? 
hello arcer, all content will not be available until the launch of the game, so wait until launch soldier  
hi! please contact xbox support for more info regarding this. 
hi, betty. let's look into this. are you referring to the windows 10 fall creators update? we will appreciate a screenshot.
great! don't hesitate to contact us again if you ever need any help. 
hello. we want to make sure everything is good on your end. feel free to update us anytime.
were glad that the issue is resolved. help us improve our twitter support by answering our survey: 
 * location
we will schedule you for a callback from one of our tier 3 support. we'll be waiting for your reply.
oh! were you able to get a service request number?  please delete the product id number as this is unique and personal.
 * blocked email address
* alternate email address
* contact number (include country and area code)
* callback time
 thank you for providing the case number. for further assistance, please dm us the following information:
* full name
if you still have the object and packaging, if you could keep hold of this, so we can fully investigate. 
it would be helpful if you could let us have the barcode number and use by/display until dates for the product. 
were really sorry to see this sandra! please can you dm your name, email, postal address and phone number, so we can help? 
take your receipt and packaging to your local store when possible, and they will resolve this for you. thanks 
oh no! really sorry to hear this abigail. sounds like something's gone wrong here. please can you 
aww that's fabulous to hear katrina, i'm so glad my colleagues have helped you track these down. enjoy the rest of your week, nikki
are these the ones you're looking for, katrina&gt; 
we've replied to your dm now, annisa. thank you.
hi fatima, how can we help? you can send us a dm with your question.
hi simon, you can find all the information including timetables here &gt; 
this is something we are doing during this franchise period &gt; 
we run a large number of peak trains and all available coaches are in use across the network. 
this train is planned to be 10 coaches, all available units are in use during peak hours. sorry for the uncomfortable journey. 
hi. haven't heard back from you yet, david. are you still having issues with your device? please let us know.
thanks for the info, david! are you getting any error messages? what fixes you've done so far?
hey steven, you can upgrade on us after 12 months with our yearly upgrade plan, this includes iphone x 
you can pre-order in store yes. delivery timescales will depend on stock levels.
yes  you can do this within 28 days of your order completing chris. call 202 from your shiny new phone when you have it.
 you're welcome chris 
hi joe, please chat with us so we can look into this for you. 
 we'll get this fed back rob, thanks for letting us know.
 pre-orders will be delivered from 03 nov, coralie. estimated delivery would have been confirmed during the order process.
did you pre-order in the store or pre-order online to collect in store?
thanks for confirming. your collection date will show on your till receipt 
yes you will, we'll drop a text 
your tariff will change when your order completes nick 
. so we can get in touch with you for best mnp offers.
thank you for choosing idea cellular. please dm your contact number and location with pincode.
sorry for the trouble.but as checked your both numbers are successfully ported out.
as checked that both idea postpaid number is already ported out and also there is no outstanding dues. regards, vicky
thank u for your kind words. we're dedicated to providing best quality service to our customers.  rgds, yogita
sorry for the trouble.please dm us your idea number to assist you further.regards,pritam 
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
 please dm number, location and the name of the apartment for a follow up.
hi maria, what seems to be the problem with your booking? 
virgin atlantic i'm afraid maria  
if you booked through lastminute, they need to contact us directly to make this change. we can't do this for you directly at 
sorry simon, we are experiencing a few issues this morning but if you try a bit later this should be working fine 
hi faye, if you would like to dm some details through to us, we can try and get an update for you 
thanks faye, i have replied to you there 
if this is the first time you have transferred from amex it can take up to 10 days to show in your flying club account 
sorry about this alan. we aren't able to ever guarantee specific seat numbers i'm afraid due to various reasons 
we can still never fully guarantee seats due to any potential aircraft or operational changes i'm afraid alan 
here is some information on who to call about this
hi simon, we have had a few issues this morning but please try again shortly 
we have been experiencing a few issues this morning i'm afraid james but please try again a bit later 
have you been able to since get logged in karl? 
sorry karl we are aware of the issue and it's being worked on. please try again a little later 
the issues are intermittent karl, so please do try again later or tomorrow. sorry for the inconvenience with this 
our pleasure. sorry as we can't help you with the change of passenger as it's strictly not allowed though. thanks.
we suggest that you keep working with our escalations team as they are the best team to provide you a resolution on this case. we have already notified them. kindly remove the picture from the public tweet for security reasons. 
we understand your concern. we have written to our executive escalations team as they are working on this case. they will contact you at the earliest. we request you to wait for their reply.
it's almost #blackfriday &amp; #cybermonday!  once you've placed your #dell order, you've got instant access to its progress each step of the way to your door! 
hopefully not! just pop into store, should have you gaming again soon! ~ olly
sorry about that! yes if you returned it to store with your receipt they would be able to help ~ olly
hi lloyd, i am looking into this for you. parm
hi mallisa. can you dm us with the order details please. marc
do you need any assistance? please dm me if you have any questions.  
glad we could get you on another flight. hope your day gets better.
what is your flight number?
the ticket counter is open and we have agents working to check people in.
i'm sorry for the long lines this morning. i will share your feedback with our leadership team.
 i hope this helps :)
you're welcome rebecca :)
 december). if you've recently bought it or haven't got one then the slots will be available from the beginning of november.
hi rebecca, if you've got a delivery pass and had it a while you can book your delivery slots now, (apart from the 24th
if you need anything else, give me a shout :)
great to hear june .
oh dear!! please dm me which store this is and i'll make the store manager aware of this. thanks
hi christopher, how can we help you? thanks  
hi. our twitter team currently does not assist with travel reservations. what type of amex card do you have, as may have options
since no phone access, our platinum concierge team may be able to help via email:  __email__
good morning and so sorry for the issues. we do appreciate you sharing your experience with us. 
so sorry about that. which promotion are you referring to, darryn? is this with your membership rewards points?  
please speak with customer service at 800-528-4800 . we look forward to assisting you with your account.
hi darryn. pls call hilton customer service for assistance 800-297-1000, . all the best. 
they beat so many things in so many situations  
we've mentioned this to our international team so they can look into this. thanks for bringing this to our attention.
thanks, mureed appreciate your feedback :)
which store have you seen this in, mureed? thanks.
in order to resolve your concern, we need your idea mobile number &amp; alternate contact number.
we are here to help.elaborate on your concern and we will address it.please delete your mobile number from post.rgds,pradnya 
we'd like to help! was your order shipped by amazon or a third-party seller: 
hi. i'm afraid we can't view orders through social media. is it being returned to us or a third party seller? 
please reach out here so we can help you out  
please don't provide your order details, we consider it to be personal information. our page is visible to public. ()
sorry for the delay. i'd like to help you. please fill this form: 
thanks for submitting your details. our team will contact you at the earliest. 
to you with an update shortly. () 
i'm sorry about the stretch. however, please be assured that we're working on your concern and will get back () 
we're working on the details that you've shared. we'll reach out to you soon. 
as we're working on this, we'll be sure to reach out to you with an update at the earliest. appreciate your patience. 
we're working on it, we'll get back to you soon. 
definite timeline, however we'll contact you soon.  
appreciate your patience. we'll keep you posted. 
we're currently working on your issue. we'll contact you once we have an update. we will not be able to share a  
sorry for any troubles caused! what is the latest order status showing here: 
has the order shipped yet? we don't charge for an order until it ships. 
ich habe soeben rckmeldung erhalten. wenn der artikel derzeit nicht verfgbar ist, ist eine bewertung leider nicht mglich. 
terribly sorry for your previous experience w/ us! w/o sharing any personal info, what problems are you running into? 
was he delivering one of your orders tasha? 
we'd like to get more information if possible. please click the link to contact us:  
sounds great! please keep us posted. 
i'm sorry about your order! have you filed an a-to-z claim? for more info, visit us here: 
i'm sorry to hear that. have you tried reporting this to our support team here: 
 quand est-ce que vous allez la recevoir ? 
ah super !!  joyeux anniversaire par anticipation 
from us regarding it here: 
if you've shared the required details on the link provided earlier? ()
thank you for the confirmation, swaraj. if you've replied to the email, you will receive a correspondence  
it does not have the same device-to-device calling as the alexa. however, there are apps for text/calling features via wi-fi. 
thanks for the update. it might be best to get in touch here: 
i'm so sorry! do you have an active order? what does the tracking show for it here? 
oh no! i'm sorry for the troubles. are you currently having an issue with an expected delivery? 
are the orders missing the estimated delivery date provided at check out? have you noticed a trend in carriers? 
i would recommend you to get in touch with the manufacturer for the charger if they don't sell it with the tracker. 
my apologies about it, aditya. please reach out to our support team here: 
it sounds like it's time for an a-to-z guarantee claim. here's the instructions to submit a claim: 
i'll be sure to share your comments on this as feedback with the team. 
did you get any email confirmation about this return? 
oh no! sometimes parcels are returned to us as undeliverable. you can read more about it here: 
super, das freut mich! 
let's look in to this issue together. which ios version is installed? you can find that from settings &gt; general &gt; about.
perfect, thanks. let's go to settings&gt; reset&gt; reset keyboard dictionary to remove any unwanted corrections. then restart.
you're very welcome. please let us know if there's anything else we can do for you.
let's continue to work together on this issue. send us a dm. 
thanks for bringing this to our attention! i have reported this to the appropriate team. 
we'd be happy to help. let's move over to dm. let us know your ios version. 
that is not the experience we want you to have. which iphone model do you have? let us know in dm. 
we're here to help. let's take this to dm so we can better assist you. 
we can help. which version of ios are you currently running?
join us in dm and send us a screenshot of settings &gt; general &gt; about. 
we'd like to help. which software version are you using on your iphone?
hello. our sales support team will be happy to assist you with this issue here: 
you can follow the steps listed in "cancel order" section to have this canceled: 
meet us in dm with your location (country), please. 
thank you for reaching out to us. for help with this, please contact our apple tv experts here: 
while this is expected to send reminders, you can leave us feedback about that here:  
we want to take a look at this with you. reach out to us in dm with more information. 
we'll be happy to help out. to clarify, did october record calorie burning accurately or is this a new issue for november?
which iphone model do you have and what's the exact ios version installed? any steps tried so far? 
hey, we'd love to help with your assistivetouch. let's try a standard restart, here's how: 
that is expected for assitive touch. the following article provides more information. 
hi there. we'd be happy to help. can you tell us what you mean by new question mark?
ios 11.1 has just been released. let's try updating to that and we'll see how things are. here's how:
we look forward to getting an update from you in the near future.
let's look into this some more. send us a dm and let us know anything else you have tried as well as the country you're in. 
we offer support via twitter in english. contact us for help in your preferred language here: 
we can help. here's a great article to clarify more about wi-fi &amp; bluetooth in the control center: 
we've gotten your dm and will continue working with you there.
we'll do all we can to help out. please dm us more about what's going on. 
we're happy to help you with that. dm us the country you are located in so we can better assist you:
update improvements can resolve lots of issues. learn more about ios 11.1 here for specifics: 
if you are still experiencing issues with battery life, send us a dm. let us know if there are any app updates available. 
we know how important your iphone is. tell us, are you turning wi-fi off from the control center or from settings &gt; wi-fi?
ok! take a look here for the way wi-fi functions in the control center of ios 11:  
sorry to hear about the trouble, bhaskar! please dm us so we can have some additional room to connect further.
hi, bhaskar. to give this matter the attention it deserves, please send us a dm so we can address this concern.
thank you for reaching out. a member of our team has followed up with you via email. please let us know if you have any other questions.
we followed up with you via dm.
thank you for reaching out. a member of our team will be following up shortly to clarify.
here to help! send us a note via 
we can definitely take a look! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
sorry for the trouble! contact us via 
we  can definitely take a closer look! please send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
hey, james! we're still so sorry to hear about your poor ubereats experience; we absolutely want to review this order for you. please dm us.
we take this very seriously. please send us a dm with your email address so we can connect asap.
here to help! please visit 
we would like to help, however without your email we will be unable to.
we want to help, ashish! please dm us the email and phone number linked to your account and we will follow up. 
happy to take a closer look at your inquiry, ashish! please dm us your account email and we'll follow up. thanks!
we're here to help! please send us a note via 
we're here to help! get in touch with your driver through this link: 
hello! thanks for your patience. please check your dm for our reply.
hi, mark! go ahead and check your dm for further details!.
sorry for any delays. please dm us the uber phone number currently on your account so we can better assist. 
we're following up with you via dm, be on the look out for our response.
thanks for your patience, we will be in touch soon. please keep an eye on your email for the reply.
we're sorry to hear you're still experiencing this issue. we've followed up via dm.
send us a message at 
sorry for the confusion. kindly follow this link 
here to help! find more info here; 
we can't wait for the warming drinks either louise  plenty of recipes to try too  #everylittlehelps
hi clare, i'm so sorry there were a number of issues with the order, i appreciate how disappointing this must have been. 
hi kate, i have received to your tweet via a dm. thanks
hello how can we help you? 
hi, jonathan, i'm so sorry to hear we let you down. please let us know if you need re-booking assistance. 
at 1-800-455-2720 regarding your complaint.  my apology for any inconvenience. 
may i have your confirmation number? please dm for privacy 
jonathan i'm showing you have completed your trip already hkyxmn. please contact our corporate customer care team (cont)... 
i have found your correct reservation. pls, give me a few minutes to look at other options.  
i am sorry for the confusion. the confirm # you sent had the last 2 letters reversed which pulled up another reservation.  
hey! this isn't possible right now, but you can vote for the idea and help make it happen here: 
hey! could you send us a dm with your account's email address or username? we'll take a look /ay 
hey! pre-sale codes are being sent out by email to some of kygo's biggest fans on spotify. hopefully you're one of them /cb
it may be possible. send me a dm so i can go over the full details!  
we'd love to help with your upgrade! i see your dm and will meet you back there! 
data protection.  
no problem, aida. don't hesitate to contact us if we can help you with anything else. 
well need your booking ref, email and contact number. 
we want you to be comfy on board, have you checked out our main cabin extra seats? take a look, 
cloud watching is one of my favorite things to do! nice to see you this morning.
i'm sorry we served you less than stellar steak. please let our team know here:  
atta boy, grant! lookin' good young man! get a little older and you'll be driving the real thing! see y'all next time! 
oh no! are you able to login? any error messaging? the sign-in you use for your spotify account should be the same for hulu.
absolutely, we can definitely pass along this input as well! thanks again for the suggestions.
we appreciate the honest feedback, tina. we're working on various improvements and will make sure your input is heard.
apologies for the delay, raquel! still need assistance? please reach our phone/chat teams here: 
i'm sorry we let you down. which location did you order from?
thanks. i'll reach out to our managers.
we'd really like to review your account and help with this. please send us a dm to facilitate. sup ks
we'll like to review your account for the most cost effective offer. please send us a direct message for further assistance.
hi, i see that you are experiencing network issue. shoot us a dm so we can talk. sup jj
hi, please send us a dm so that we can further assist you.
hello there! how can i help you today?
we regret to hear about your dissatisfaction. we will reach out to you today to address your concerns.
we apologize for the issues you have experienced. team will reach out to you to address your account concerns today.
allow us to assist. please send us a dm with your address in order to further assist. @116447
were here to help with any issues youre having. what exactly is going on with the device? are certain apps or features running slowly? also, which ios version are you currently running? you can check that in settings &gt; general &gt; about 
that's amazing sue! glad you like it. faiza.
we give them back to the british legion, who refurbish them and reuse them again next year. mariya
the refund will go back onto the card used for the purchase. do you still have the same card? lewis
i'll ask for a full refund to be provided. this will be for 22.25 and you should receive notification within a couple of days. lewis
hi shweta. i've looked into this and looks like your refund form wasn't passed to our refund team by customer support. i'll do this now. lew
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
as checked your port out request is rejected by old operator,request you please visit previous operator for further assistance.
sory for the trouble caused.we request you to dm your number to assist you better.
regards,shweta 
on it hiram. 
hello frank, we will get back as soon as possible for guidance on the request. 
we have shared with our team for follow up. thank you for your patience. 
we are still following up on it and will advise once we receive feedback .
enjoy your evening. 
we will get back to you.
hello hezron. sincere apologies for the delay.please be assured this is being looked into with the utmost priority. (cont)
afternoon hezron, be available for the next call. 
hi, apologies for the delay. we are following up on your issue, will notify once resolved. 
hi hezron, we'll have someone contact you as soon as possible to follow up on this. we sincerely apologize for the delay 
we are sorry for the delay, we will get in touch with you asap.
hi hezron, our apologies for the delay and inconvenience. kindly allow us to follow up with our team 
hi, share your account number for further assistance. 
hi,how may we assist in regards to fiber to the home.
hi, manually check your internet settings through 
this is concerning. please let our team know here:  
can you review the details on 
we found some documentation that may help with that: 
just checking in to see if the documentation was of any help. if you need any further assistance, please let us know. 
we found some documentation that might help with this: 
you have. we'll raise your post internally so that an engineer responds.  2 
we have found some documentation that may help: 
we are investigating this and will have a response for you shortly.  
hi craig, can you refer to the details on 
we are looking into this now and will advise shortly. 
we recommend creating a post on 
we happen to have some documentation that may help: 
just checking in to see if you created a forum post. if so, send us on the link and we can escalate this internally. 
could you direct message us with more information about your issue?  
were looking into your question and will have an update for you shortly.   
hi adithya .yes this can be done . please confirm move to i5 1325 18nov17 goi-blr 07:50-09:05 .thanks-emir
you may split the guest from the first 
kindly dm us the full name and date of birth of the guest that would like to opt for flight move so we can split them.
sure adithya,we have split your booking kr2tux,request sent to relevant team once flight moved you will be updated.thanks-mi
yes, kindly check your mailbox of revise itinerary. thank you- mariya
itinerary sent to __email__. check it out =) yana
hi dayana. this request is already done for both booking.please check your email.thanks-emir
hi dayana, to change the email address, passenger would need to login twitter or live chat for verification. thanks-mi
hey! dm us your email address so that we can look into this! 
unfortunately all prices are subject to change, very sorry you missed out this time.
ticket machine as long as there's no more than 10 pay as you go credit and no valid season ticket. ()
they can be contacted via 020 7641 6000 or by email: __email__. regards, serena
hi ben, horse guards rd is managed by london borough of westminster. if you contact them, they can look into this for you ()
 if you don't have an account already, please see link to create one: 
 hi danny, please sign into your contactless online account to contact us or call 0343 222 1234 for us to look into this.
get a refund for the products on the cancelled card. for further assistance please contact our help-desk on 0343 222 1234. ()
hi, if your oyster card had been cancelled due to a failed auto top-up payment, then once the payment is resettled you can ()
 monday to sunday. it's cheaper to buy the monthly travecard. please see link: 
 hi mark no, contactless payment doesn't cap as a monthly travelcard. weekly capping for contactless payment is
hi sam, what oyster card do you have? is it a student photocard oyster? 
hi nate, if you're able to provide the direction and your contact details by dm, we can pass this complaint to the operator for you
hey jose, can you let me know which store in bolton and i'll find out for you :)
hey, i'm sorry to hear about this. please can you dm the barcode, store name, your more card number and home address?
aw no! :( i've passed your support for this product onto the buyer for their consideration
hey hannabeth, i've replied to your dm :)
hi hannah, please dm me which store you use and i'll find out for you.
hi sean, we have responded to your dm. thanks
hola, gracias por tu opinin, lo tomaremos como feedback para futuras actualizaciones. saludos
muchas gracias a t i por confiar en nosotros. sigue en marcha
vamos a ayudarte. prueba a desisntala la app, limpia cache y cookies, resetea el telfono y reinstala la app. funciona?
we are here for you. due to limited characters, please send us dm from the following link. meet you there. 
hi, thanks for bringing this to our attention. we're getting this checked and working on it.
yello ttue nga !
avez vous subi un dsagrement sur notre rseau ?
inconvenience caused.  
sorry you find this confusing, anthony. the website just requires you to enter your first and last name. 
hola, lamentamos el inconveniente. te enviaron algn email con la explicacin del atraso? 
did the e-mail suggest waiting 36 hours to allow the carrier to deliver? for more info: 
hi laura, have you received any update from an account specialist about your account? 
we'd like to have a specialist on our team look into this with you. please click here: 
amazonesmse
that's quite a remark, sidharth. did any of yours concerns regarding your recent  orders went unaddressed? 
team here: 
my apologies about the hassle, sidharth. please fill this form: 
i'm sorry for the inconvenience. kindly report it to our support  
i was unable to comprehend your concern. could you please elaborate on your issue so we could help you better? 
sorry to hear this. have you contacted seller central about this? what did they advise? 
ol filipe, como podemos lhe ajudar? 
sorry for the unexpected charge! if benefits haven't been used, you can cancel  for a full refund: 
ol magalhes, sentimos esta experiencia. o fone  vendido e gestionado por amazon ou por um vendedor externo? 
did everything work out ok? 
yay! so glad we could get you your package! 
we'd want to get you in touch with our itunes store support here: 
we'd like to help. are you able to log into 
we want to get you in the right place for help. use this link to connect to our pages experts: 
we want your iphone to be working as expected. send us a dm with more details, and we'll start there. 
we've received your dm, and we'll continue working with you there. 
we're here to help. let's take this to dm so we can better assist you. 
are these contacts on the icloud website? check here from a computer and let us know: 
let's see if updating the iphone to ios 11.1 helps. dm us if it doesn't. 
great. let us know which specific ios version you're running in a dm. 
that is certainly not the experience we want you to have. which iphone model do you use?
lets work together to get your apps downloading again. are you downloading updates or new apps? any messages when downloading?
excellent information. please send us a dm telling us which iphone you have and the ios version it's currently running. 
we'd like to help. could you direct message us so we can get more information? 
thanks for that info. let's go to settings &gt; general &gt; reset &gt; reset keyboard dictionary. then restart &amp; test again.
thanks for giving that a try! go ahead and reach out to us in dm so we can continue troubleshooting together to resolve. 
we certainly want to help! which version of ios are you currently running? have you updated to ios 11.1?
thanks for reaching out. we want to help. tell us more about what's happening in dm. 
thanks for reaching out. dm which iphone and specific ios version you are using to get started. 
send us a dm and let us know what version of ios you're currently running. we'll go from there. 
we'll be happy to look into this with you. to get started, let us know which ios version you have installed.
we'd be happy to see what's causing auto-lock to not work as expected. let's see if updating helps: 
you're welcome.
we understand your concern. let's work together to solve these issues. does this wi-fi issue happen on all networks?
we want to help. are you still seeing a blank black screen on your mac? send us a dm. 
we're happy to help you with this. join us in dm so we may better assist you: 
battery life is surely important to us &amp; we'll do all we can to help. which iphone model &amp; what ios version is installed?
we'd like to look into this with you. we recently released ios 11.1, is this the update your referring to?
this is the expected behavior for notifications. take a look at this: 
we can help get you to the right place to make your suggestion. provide your feedback here:  
this is not a legitimate email from apple. this article explains how to identify and report the email: 
no problem, were happy to help! let us know if we can assist with anything in the future. have a great day!
we'd like to look into this with you. please dm us your country and current ios version. 
we'll get you pointed in the right direction. please dm us so we can go over all options. 
we've received your dm. please look for a reply from us there.
let's take a look at this further for you. reach out to us in dm with more information. 
let us help you get this sorted out. join us in dm so we can better assist you: 
are you disabling bluetooth from control center? if so, this is expected in ios 11. here's more info: 
we'd like to help you out. which device are you using and which ios are you running?
we'd like you to reset your keyboard dictionary from settings &gt; general &gt; reset. next, restart your iphone. any changes?
we'd be happy to look into this with you further. dm us using the link below and we'll go from there. 
let's team up on this. send us a dm with the ios version your iphone is running, and we'll meet you there. 
we have received your dm and thank you for the time required to share this information with us, we will respond in dm shortly.
great. let us know if you have any further questions or concerns. we're happy to help.
we'd recommend creating a backup of the data on both devices and updating to ios 11.1. please let us know if this helps.
alright, can you tell us what ios version you're currently on?  also, have you tried unpairing and pairing your airpods again?
we can certainly take a look!  to begin, does this occur with all devices or just one?
send us a dm so we can help. we'd like to get some more information on what happened here. 
let's look into this together. which device are you experiencing this on, and which software version is it running?
we can take a look! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
our team is reviewing your email now and will be in touch. we appreciate your patience!
here to help! send us a note here; 
here to help! send us a note via 
it seems our team is still reviewing this for you. we assure you someone will be in touch soon. thank you for your patience.
sorry for the delay! we've escalated this matter to the appropriate team and someone will be in touch soon. thank you for your patience.
our team is reviewing your email and will be in touch. we appreciate your patience!
here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can assist.
here to help! send us a note via 
that's not what we like to hear. contact us through 
sorry to hear about the trouble! please reply to us in-app or by e-mail to continue communication on this. we're happy to help.
hey, darshil. once you've replied to our follow up of your in-app support outreach, a member of our team will be happy to further assist.
we can see a member of our team has reached out via email. due to the nature of this issue, please follow up there. thanks!
hi greg, i have replied to your tweet via dm. thanks
hi lee, we've not been able to call as we don't have a number for you, sorry.  we need to arrange for your tv to be repaired.  
hi jordan, you don't remember the brand name of this screen protector do you? or still have any packaging? lawrence
can i ask you to dm us your full name, address, email and would you prefer a refund via email or post? lawrence 
hi jordan, can you confirm if this is the correct product? the price way be different here but dont worry.  
can you advise if your purchased the protector in store or from tesco direct? ty 
can you dm me your number so that i can have the area manager give you a call? thank you 
hi tony, sorry it has taken some time for me to receive your message. i have issued out a form to our area manager/opticians team. 
this will be reviewed within 72 hours, you will be contacted by the mobile number provided your reference number is 2333188. ty 
hi tony. i'm so sorry you haven't been contacted by the store. i've re-logged this so you should be contacted some time this week. alisha
i will get someone to pick this up this afternoon and get to the bottom of it for you. regards. 
hi tony, i'm so sorry you haven't had a reply, can you let me know when and how your wife got in touch as this is very unusual. ty
can you please advise how and when your wife got in touch with us? i would like to find out why she did not receive a reply. ty 
hi tony. i'm sorry you feel this way. please let me know if i can do anything else for you. thank you.
can you also dm me a description/name of the person you feel pushed your wife into buying these glasses.ty, andy 
hi tony, i am very sorry to hear this, can you tell me which store this is please? ty, andy
i'm sorry if this is an inconvenience but this is the policy you need to follow:) thanks, calum
hi judith, i'm very sorry to see this, i totally understand how annoying and frustrating that must be! 
hi there, can you please provide the details my colleague has asked so we can log this for you? ty
do we have your permission to pass this on to our suppliers? would you prefer a refund by post or email? thanks  
hey! do you have any trouble with this link: 
hey! we've just replied to your dm. we'll be happy to help you out there /bd
hey liz! could you send us a dm with your account's email address? we'll take a look backstage /ma 
you are welcome and thank you for flying delta.  
rachel. thanks for sharing the pic. enjoy you travels and your family! 
may i have your confirmation number? please dm for privacy. 
hi evi. do you need a seat assignment? 
hi, dena. i apologize for your experience this morning. we appreciate the feedback. 
penny. enjoy! 
hello, bruce!  
you rock for being #magenta, andres &lt;3 
let's make sure that you've explored all options! shoot me a dm. 
still beautiful, even through the mist, robert! 
were sorry you weren't allowed to take your duty free on board. was it properly packaged? 
has your duty free been taken from you? 
available to view on our website. many thanks.  
hi, pete. anything you purchase in duty free needs to fit inside your cabin bag. sorry if you weren't aware of this. this info is 
we're sorry we weren't able to keep your original seat. please check with our crew for any other available options.
loving the photo, adam! thanks for sharing! 
hey, lynne! please accept our apologies for any confusion. we've passed along news of your experience to our team for review. 
sorry lynne! we typically release full episodes of agt day-after-air, but now that the season is over our rights have expired.
we'd love to look into this for you. if you're still noticing the same behavior, contact: 
sorry for the delay! still having trouble? which device are you using? to start off, try these steps: 
hey, please direct message me your contact number, i would like to call you. sup am
i'm afraid not all of our services have this facility. apologies for the problems it has caused. lewis
we haven't been informed of any i'm afraid. 
you would need to get on the services that are valid with your ticket though i'm afraid. 
oh no, sorry for that which service is it? 
sorry to hear that, hopefully it will be moving again soon. 
you'd need to speak to staff regarding that. 
i will get this fed back. 
we have 56 pendolinos and 19 voyagers pritesh. 
can you please follow and dm us?  
what's going on?  
come join the team. 
you'll never know what you might find, lana!
not currently, lara, but we'll take your feedback on board! 
hi aimes, please send us a dm or call 0800 042 0800 to find out about local stock levels. thanks.
best husband ever, grace! 
hi rachel, thanks for your query. if you send us a dm, our customer services team will be able to advise. thanks.
please send me a message via dm.  
please test your connection using your console and provide me with a screenshot of your internet results. thanks. 
hello there, what platform are you currently playing on? are you playing on a wired or wireless connection? 
hi! please contact playstation support for assistance with this. 
hey there, feel free to leave your feedback and suggestions here: 
hey, if you need assistance please send me a message via dm. more than happy to help.  
thank you for reaching out, geoff. let's try the steps on this link to resolve the issue: 
we want to work this out for you. visit this link to help you troubleshoot this error: 
we appreciate the video you've sent however, it's blurry. can you send screenshot instead via dm? we'll wait for it. 
yikes! can you send us a screenshot of the exact thing you're seeing now on your screen via dm? we'll wait for it.
thank you for the info. we suggest that you reinstall windows 10 on your pc. here's how: 
are you getting any error message when trying to open the programs? you can also send us a screenshot of the issue for assistance.
let's get this sorted. which windows version are you using? what can you see now on your screen?
oh dear. let's get this sorted, tim. please tell us more details about your concern.
hi. let's sort this out. any recent changes made prior to the issue? have you tried installing the latest update for your device?
we suggest that you download surface dianostic toolkit to resolve this issue. here's the link: 
in this case, we suggest that you contact our answer desk for further assistance. here's the link: 
you may also check out this link: 
hello. we wanted to check if you were able to contact our global support?
actually you can schedule a callback. see this link to do so: 
thank you for letting us know. feel free to contact us with the update. have a great day ahead.
hi. we don't want you to feel that way. let's get to the bottom of this. do you still have the most recent service request number with you? please send it to us via dm. 
the service request number is a reference number from a conversation/transaction from one of our technical support. it is also essential when the issue needs to be escalated. have you tried contacting our global support? how about using our chat support as well?
 (cont.) from a us address and will be returned to a us address. hope this information helps you.
 since you mentioned you bought in the us, the surface warranty is applicable only in the country where you purchased your surface. if you have a relative resides in the us, you can have them transact to our answer desk for replacement because it needs to be sent
hi. for us to determine why the surface pro's battery life doesn't last that long, can you tell us the activities you did on it?
thanks for the info, ethan! we issue selling limits on all accounts (they renew every 30-days). take a look at 
we can take a look for you to see what's going on. dm us your full name, registered email address, and registered postcode. thanks in advance. we're happy to help! 
sorry to see that, ethan! did you receive any kind of communication from us regarding why you can't sell? 
i'm glad you reached out to paypal customer support! are you having issues with your paypal account or a recent transaction? please send me a dm with a screenshot of the issue along with your paypal email address. any additional information would be hel... 
nous comprenons que la rponse apporte  votre requte ne soit pas celle que vous attendiez. nous esprons nanmoins que vous comprendrez que notre dcision a t prise en accord avec les conditions d'utilisation paypal. pour plus d'informations,voici ... 
bonsoir  vous,  nous sommes  votre disposition. afin de vous aider, merci de venir en priv muni de votre adresse email paypal et plus de dtails concernant votre demande 
we'd love to have you with us patrick  you'll find details on our predicted signal here: 
hi ilaria,  is this an o2 wifi hotspot that you're referring to? please let us know so we can advise you further.
that doesn't sound right, so we can take a closer look we'd like you to dm us here. #o2guru
 hi shane, chat with us here: 
ah okay, chat with us here and we'll take a look: 
 is your query something we can help with from here paul? please drop us a dm: 
 we aren't aware of any issues in the general area. take a look at our network guide here: 
 did you try the steps we sent over? can you dm us the full postcode please? 
hi ian, 3g may be stronger in some areas, is it like this everywhere or just in one place? dm us here: 
we're not seeing a recent dm from you.  please use the link to send us more info  
hi there, sorry to hear this, can you dm us your order number and details so we can look into this ~ olly
if you are still unsure you can contact sony direct on 817655.  i hope that helps!  parm
i have called sony and this item does support 4k video recording, just need to go to the settings and select 4k.  is that ok?  parm
could you follow us and dm us letting know how we can help? thank you ~ richard
hi, if you can follow and dm us with your details we will be happy to look into this for you ~ vicky
hate to hear our faster speeds have not made it to you yet. i truly hope we expand to you shortly. dm us with any ?s
:( i regret to hear of any connection concerns you are having please dm me the account number to better assist you.
we would need the account holder to contact us to verify the account before providing information.
hello kate! will you please dm us with your account number so we can better assist you?
i would love to help with any questions or concerns that you have! please message me with your account number! thanks!
i would love to help with any questions or concerns that you have! please message me with your account number! thanks!
it depends on what is available in your area. in order to take a closer look, can you please dm me your full address?
we're sorry that your order was wrong, tori! please dm us your contact info and we will open a ticket. thanks!
we hate to hear about your experience with us. please dm us your contact info and we will open a ticket. thanks!
we apologize that you weren't happy with your quoted time. please dm us your contact info and we will open a ticket. thanks!
we're so sorry! please dm us your contact info and we will open a ticket. thanks!
sorry, tim. could you please sign out/sign in again after few hours and let us know if this still happens?
apple cider is available in the north east markets. we apologize for any inconvenience!
hi there, i'd be happy to help! what's the model name of the printer and the operating system installed on the computer? are you able to make a copy? to better assist you, please click to send us a private message and i'll look into this. thanks!  
apologies for the delay. kindly click on the link provided here: 
did you happen to share your details using the secure link we had shared? ()
that's odd! i'd like to check. could you please fill in the details here : 
kindly self return the package. further, i'll be sure to forward your feedback. () 
i am afraid that is not how it works. request you to please self return the order. the returns support centre will  
guide you through the process of initiating a return: 
verbesserungspotential ist immer da ;) aber der text sollte trotzdem in die felder passen. 
i understand your concern. due to courier restrictions, we're unable to arrange a pick up for you. request you to () 
sorry to hear about this. if it was pre ordered from us, i'd advise to reach out here: 
we're unable to provide any additional insight. once we have a delivery date we'll notify you via e-mail. 
please don't provide your order details, we consider it to be personal info. our page is visible to the public.   
we keep adding new content frequently, stay tuned to the prime video website. i'll forward your feedback internally. 
have you reached out to your bank about this declined charge? learn more about declines here: 
schn, dass die kollegen dir so schnell helfen konnten :) 
you can contact us without logging in here: 
are you receiving an error message when attempting to send the e-mail? e-mails are usually answered within 12 hours. 
you should get a confirmation on your screen that says "thank you! your e-mail has been sent." do you get that message?  
not a problem! let us know if you have any other questions or concerns. we're here to help any way we can! 
let's look into this together. dm us the device you're experiencing this on, and we'll get started. 
send us a dm and let us know how long your battery is lasting. we'll help. 
this resource should do the trick. check out the steps under 'turn on automatic downloads': 
got it. this article should do the trick for that: 
we're here to help. what specific issues are you experiencing with your device?
let's see what we can do. send us a dm and let us know what you mean by glitching. 
thanks for reaching out. dm which iphone and specific ios version you are using to get started. 
we can definitely look into this with you. which device are you using? dm us and let us know. 
thanks for reaching out. we are always happy to help. are you running ios 11.1? if not, learn how here: 
thanks for following up. send us a dm so we can look into this with you there. 
what kind of issues are you having? we can help out.
we offer support via twitter in english. get help in spanish here: 
this is expected behavior. 
are you following the steps here to change it: 
we want your mac to work as expected. does this message come back up if you click the restart button?
wed love to help further. to start, please send us a dm letting us know which mac youre using. 
we'd like to take a closer look at what's happening. dm us with what type of iphone you're using. 
ok, sounds good. we'll be here for you if you need anything further.
we'd like to help with your issue. dm us and tell us more about what's happening with your iphone 6s. 
we're happy to assist. which ios 11 version are you currently running? go to settings &gt; general &gt; about for the version.
thanks for reaching out; we'd like to help. when did you first encounter this issue?
we'd be happy to provide you with some info. start by taking a look at the following article: 
we'd like to take a closer look at this with you. send us a dm and we'll meet up with you there. 
we'd like to work on this with you. which device are you using and which ios are you on? check here: settings &gt; general &gt; about.
let's work together to figure it out. to start, which exact ios version do you have installed?
thanks for that information.  does this occur within all applications?  let us know in dm. 
 we'd like to look into the issues you're having. dm us your country and we'll go from there. 
we want to help with this. reach out to us in dm with more information. 
we'd love to look into this. could you direct message us and let us know what ios version you're on? 
we'd be happy to see how we can help. which device and ios version are you using?
we can help! what happens after it says verifying. is that when it restarts or are you restarting it manually?
understood! let's try all the steps listed here: 
we can help out. could you direct message us and let us know what ios version you're on? 
we can help with your touch id. try these steps to start: 
tell us more about what's happening. please send us a dm with additional details. 
we're glad to look into all options with you to have your iphone serviced. please dm us to proceed. 
we can help with that and want your iphone working as expected. to clarify, which version of ios 11 do you have installed?
have you tried updating your apps to the latest version? does that help? when are they unresponsive? please send us a dm. 
thanks for bringing this to our attention. click here to connect with us in dm. we'll pick up there: 
sure is phishing. learn more about phishing and suspicious emails, as well as how to report them here: 
here to help! send us a note via 
here to help! send us a note here, 
sorry to hear about that! can you please contact us via 
sorry for the trouble! send us a note via 
we can definitely take a look! send us a dm with your email address so we can follow up.
we see your outreach and a member of our team will be following up via email as soon as possible. we appreciate your patience.
hi there! please send us a note at 
sorry about the trouble! please send us a dm with your email address and more details so we can connect.
hi there! please reach out to 
we're here to help! send us a dm with your email address and more details so we can follow up.
we're here to help! send us a note at 
can you dm me with your address, phone number and email address so i can sort this out for you.  thanks 
hi, i'm afraid we are still experiencing some issues. ty andrew
could i just ask whether you have tried logging in via a private browsing window? kindest regards- hannah. 
hi there, thanks for getting in touch, sorry to learn that you are still having issues, i understand how frustrating this must be. 
hi there, i'm afraid we will be unable to notify you to when the fixes have been implemented.
sorry for any inconvenience caused &amp; if there's anything else i can help with, please let me know. kindest regards- hannah. 
hi there thanks for getting back to us :) would you mind signing in via your web browser &amp; trying again for us please?
hi there, can you please send us a screenshot of the error message that you are getting?
hey! can you dm us your account's email address? we'll see what we can suggest /cb 
hi there! can you dm us your account's email address? we'll see what we can suggest /st 
hi, lou, baggage fees are charged per flight.  
time to move on? we certainly don't want to part ways! what has you feeling this way? dm us so we can chat! 
your t-force team is always here for you and available in dm to assist :) 
thats not the experience we want for you. send a dm our way to turn this round. 
hey! we'd love to get that set up. please send us a dm so we can get more details. thank you! 
yikes! where are you located? dm us so we can make sure you can take advantage of all we have to offer! 
it's just this device! we have other devices you can browse through that may fit your needs: 
this definitely isn't what we want to hear, lynn. can you tell us what happened? 
we're really sorry you've been made to feel this way, lynn. if there is something we can help with, please don't hesitate to let us know. 
when did you travel, louise? found items can take up to 48 hours to be registered. 
hi louise, all property left on board an aircraft will be handed in to the airport lost property.  fingers crossed it is handed in!  
delays are frustrating we know. we're showing an updated departure time of 8:10a. we'll have wheels up as soon as we can.
we'll be on our way as quickly as we can. if you send us a dm with your record locator, we'll take a closer look with you.
we see your dm and will reply to there.
when a complimentary upgrade is being used, each elite customer will be upgraded based off their own status.
we're showing it left 25 min after it's original departure time. please see an agent for rebooking options.
first class all the way hector! enjoy the new digs and have a great-charged! 
glad we could help bring in the autumnal cheer! 
absolutely jenny! glad we could get you hooked up to plan ahead for spring break! y'all have fun!
great question! we actually are planning on opening it tomorrow. that can change though. for updates: 
thanks for flying with us, michelle! we appreciate your patronage.  
does this happen during a specific show or ad? if so and: 
definite not cool! we'd love to help, ashley. what device are your streaming on? any errors? start here  
apologies! our team has investigated this and those episodes are now available again. sorry for the scare!
we're very excited. steven
we're very excited colin. steven
apologies simon, what store was this? when did you visit? steven
apologies perdita, housewife is the universal name for this style. sainsbury's did not pick the name. steven
sorry holly, can you tell me the barcode number &amp; store this was purchased from please? steven
those don't look too good! sorry simmoina, can you let us know what store you bought these from? marc
thanks simmoina. can you dm us your nectar card number via the link please? we'll pop on a refund and feed this back. lauren 
sorry about that, can you tell me the barcode number &amp; store  this was purchased from please? steven
unfortunately we can't initiate a dm. but you can dm us via the following link. steven 
sorry for the wait danielle! we're really busy at the moment. can you let us know what store you got this from? marc
thank you! can you dm us your nectar card number via the link please? we'll pop on some points and feed this back. lauren 
you're welcome.
hello. the timetable has been revised and advance fares are expected to go on sale by the end of the week.
good evening alex. i suggest you check tomorrow and any problems contact us again roger.
hi alex. most online journey planners haven't yet been updated in relation to christmas travel. please check: 
hello. the timetable has been revised for december and advance fares are expected to go on sale by the end of the week.
hello, no these trains are expected to be busy. the advance fares which are showing are those which are available.
i will do thank you, i hope you are ok too. 
good to hear. 
great to hear. 
it's so very true. 
great to hear kerry. thank you for letting us know. 
what issues are you having exactly? 
which service are you on, tomas? 
i'm sorry we let you down this evening. please let our team know what happened here:  
 can you dm us with the exact date and time that you received your order confirmation email richard? we'll check it out. 
we do have some pretty sweet deals right now. 
i apologize for any inconvenience this has caused.
i want to help. are you located in ri? if so, we are still working to restore services asap.
let me see what's going on. please follow/dm us the service address. 
i apologize for any inconvenience this has caused.
it's possible that your service comes from one of these locations still without power.
we are working to restore service asap.according to ng, there are still 38,000 potential customers without power.
please log into your account and test your speeds again. let us know what speeds you get.
hi john, are you having this trouble at a certain site or do you notice the issue everywhere?
hi again, you can download your previous albums using the following link: 
hi again, weve sunset the photos page so we can focus on building new &amp; better ways for you to work with all files, including photos.
hey there, the albums feature is no longer available, unfortunately. thanks for tweeting!
...youre not going to see a difference since it could most likely be the cause of the overquota messages. 
hi again, if youre still experiencing this issue, please write to us at 
hi there, does the quota change on the site? are you invited to any shared folders? could you try removing them? 
glad to hear the issue appears to be resolved. let us know if the issue returns so we can investigate further!
hi there, everything looks good here. have you tried a different browser or clearing the current one's cache? let us know of the outcome!
...us know if you have any questions in future! 
...version history: 
() for an item, be sure to contact seller before you bid/buy. you can still ask, as some sellers may refund postage diff. 
hi! your postage costs may include handling charges set by the seller. if you have questions about the shipping costs () 
happy to help! you can send us a dm 
thanks, jake. we're always working to make sure we're providing a great experience to our members. 
hi jonathan. i'll research your concerns and follow up with you. 
please click below to connect with us.  
im disappointed to hear this and would like the chance to talk with you. 
please forward the suspicious message to __email__. you can learn more here: 
  the mailbox does not send a response. our partners take matters very seriously &amp; will begin to investigate. 
please click below to send your name/zip/phone # and details so i can call to see how i can help.  
hello, we're here to help. please let us know if there's something we can help on your account. 
hello, please let us know if you have a specific account related issue you would like us to help you with. thank you. 
thank you for letting us know. pls keep us posted if you need anything. we'd be happy to help you with any of your accounts. 
hello, we apologize for the inconvenience. we will share your feed back with our management team. 
pls use link below to send your full name/zip/phone/account type and well follow up with you.  
if you have a bofa question or concern, let us know @bofa_help. 
id like to talk with you. please click below to send your name/zip/phone and best time to call.  
 hi, we saw you mentioned us. please let us know if you need any help with your account. 
  we are here to help, listen and learn from our customers and are glad to help with any account related inquiries. 
we'd be glad to look into this for you.  
were you able to speak with someone and get your concern resolved? if not, id like to help. 
please use link below to send your full name/zip/phone/account type and well follow up with you.  
we're here to help. 
let us know if you still need help by sending us the requested information. have a nice weekend. 
what happened? we're here to help. 
were here to help. use the link below to send your name/zip/phone and ill call you.  
im sorry to hear this. were here to help; let me know what i can do. 
we apologize for the inconvenience. please let us know if there's something we can help on your account. 
were here to help. use the link below to send your full name/zip/phone and ill call you.  
glad to hear you spoke to an associate. if you need help in the future please let us know @bofa_help. 
 it's a tough choice, neil. let us know which one you go for 
hi neil  this isn't a phone we're listing, sorry. have you seen anything else you like the look of?
 what's been happening exactly? send us more info by dm please. we want to help. 
hi chis, you'll have received this if you ran out of data within the last few months.
please dm your mobile number chris &amp; we'll pass this onto the relevant team. 
hi patrick, we don't have any plans to stock the apple watch.
we review our products and services often. if anything changes we'll let you know.
are the tickets you are looking at 'any permitted' route or 'via honiton'? 
ok, despite the fact you are buying from our website the price on this route is actually set by they may be able to explain. 
 we're hoping to be able to release them this week. lewis
fares for the 19th are released but the 28th have not yet been released
we are hoping so yes. updates will be made here. our advance tickets (cheaper fares) for that date haven't been released yet. 
ok wont be able to sort this over twitter. email with picture&amp; train time from kidderminster to __email__
hi abbey to hear this. for whatever reason i am unable to see this picture. where was the ticket purchased &amp; when?
&lt; quicker than usual, hopefully reducing delays.
i did not hear back from you yet. please let me know whether your issue is resolved or you need additional help. ^ sanal
i did not hear back from you yet. please let me know whether your issue is resolved or you need additional help. 
good to hear. if you need further assistance, feel free to reach out. take care!
hi, thanks for reaching out. if you need any technical assistance, please let me know the product model and the issue. 
thank you sharing your number. as checked your numbers services are active from our end. rgds, yogita
sorry, you had to go through this. we will look into it immediately. please dm us your contact number. rgds, yogita 
sorry for the trouble but there is some outstanding pending on your number hence you are receiving calls. rgds, yogita
sorry for the trouble. request you to dm us your number and content of the promotional calls to assist you better.rgds,arti
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
you may go to 
once submitted, wait 24 hours and tell both customers to call 8558084185 to complete change of ownership.
change of ownership team is available monday 8 a.m. p.m. central time.
please send us a dm, so that we can further assist you.
we are eager to help you. dm us if you need any assistance. we work . 
we're on it. we are getting back to you shortly. 
further investigation.
hi,thanks for reporting we have taken action, in future you can send the number via text to our fraud line 333(free) for ...
you can dial #ok/#ok select premium services and unsubscribe. also reach them on 
you speak we listen. we are proud to have you as part of the safaricom family. #csweek2017 #wecare 
oooh no,  rono, we would like to help you on this, please share with us your number via dm for assistance. 
 they are available to be notified of the reversal. 
hi, contact our data team via 0722002222. 
private message your account number and the error you are getting we follow this up for you. 
hi, if the funds are available, a reversal will be initiated. if the recipient is unreachable, we shall hold the funds until 
i'm not able to give a time but please try later graham and it should work fine have a great trip! 
sorry to hear this. have you tried via our desktop site? 
it isn't working at the moment paul but please try again later and it will be back up 
sorry for any inconvenience steph, please try again later today and this should be back up and running 
i'm afraid we have a few issues at the moment jonathan but please try again later and this will be working fine 
be best to call the flying club to discuss this
hi simon, the miles would have only been credited automatically if you had added your account number to your booking. it would 
sorry for the inconvenience but flying club is down at the moment. if you can try again tomorrow, that would be great 
we certainly don't ignore complaints petal. can i ask which address you have emailed us at and what date please? 
nicely done.
hope we win this battle royale.
you heard him jackson 
that is a lot of leaves! did you get much chicken?
where was it from?
our sandwiches are made fresh in each of our shops.
we don't, sorry.
what're you going for andrew?
it's only a week away!
we were having some problems matty but it should be sorted now. did you get an error message?
dm us your email address and we'll fix this. we don't want you to missing out!
hi, is there a specific journey you're taking that you would like me to check for you?
read scott's blog post this morning, excellent work! wishing the team the best of luck with v2!
wed love to take a look with you. could you direct message us with more information about your issue?  
file a free billing support request here: 
thank you. our forums engineers have taken a look and we request that you  1 
the flight has been moved as per request, li ying. check out your mailbox for the revised itinerary. :)
upon changes we will resent the updated itinerary. thanks-sha
we happy to help you, foo. make it a great day :) thanks-sha
hi foo, apologies for the inconvenience. we will escalated again this to respective. &gt;&gt;&gt;
hi there, we have forward your request to respective team,you will be notify by email once done :) anwar
hi, move flight only for return flight which is 23 nov kul-pen 13:00. is that right ? please confirmed. thanks
hi, sorry for the 
hi, you may opt for free flight change within the same day or credit shell. do let us know which would you prefer. thanks
may we have your booking number for a check please foo? =) yana
may we have your number for assistance? so
hello ijeoma, conoil filling station, sango/eleyele road, beside polytechnic south campus gate, ibadan. so
we apologize for any inconvenience you may have experienced. please do check again.  thank you. uo.
issue has been escalated to the unit in charge for assistance. we apologize. so
hello misa, we apologize. may we know your number, error message, exact location with landmarks, issue duration and device type? so
we take food quality seriously. please send us more details in a dm so we can look into this with our team.
hi jasmine, can you please send me more information. ~ nicola
hi louise, can you dm us your postcode ~ olly
we take food quality seriously. please send us a dm with more info so we can look into this with our team.
we never want to leave you disappointed. mind sharing your order number and bakery-cafe location in a dm so we can look into this?
hi lydia, you can dm by going to our twitter page and select the 'message' tab 
hi lydia. so sorry about this. please dm me the bar-code and your more card number or address details (full name)-tabby
it shouldn't. sorry we were late. did you get a chance to speak to our manager?
gotcha. will you share what happened with our team here:  
sorry you feel that way, we do try to keep our prices as low as we can.
thank you for letting me know, i will pass your feedback on to the relevant department
hiya, due to supply costs we do sometimes have to raise prices, however we do try to keep prices as low as we can.
hi there, i haven't seen any reported issues. are you getting a particular error message when accessing your account?
hi joshua. you can go to 
can you dm us the phone number associated with your account along with specifics on what's happening?
if your driver made you feel unsafe, please report the ride to our critical response line at 
sure do! you can find some helpful information on screen mirroring here: 
try using the steps that are shown for the different devices that can used. in this case; settings&gt;display&gt;display mirroring. 
we'd like to troubleshoot this with you in real-time, please give us a call here: 
my apologies about the delay, ramesh. please fill this form: 
i'm sorry! if no benefits have been used, canceling issues a full refund. you can do so here: 
my apologies for the delay, ramesh. kindly revert to the email sent to you and we will have this checked further. 
i get you being upset, ramesh. as our team is working, they'll ensure to get back to you with an update soon.request you to wait.
lamento lo sucedido, podras informarme que respuesta recibiste por parte de nuestros agentes? 
podras confirmarnos si es vendido y gestionado por amazon o es vendido por un vendedor externo? 
has contactado a nuestros compaeros de soporte al cliente para reportar lo que indicas? 
has intentado hablar con la empresa de transportes sobre esta entrega? 
hi, have you had an issue with your amazon account? have you been in touch with us? 
and we'll look into this.  
apologies for the ordeal, prince. could you let us know what are the skills you're referring to? we'd like to check it. 
sorry to learn that you're facing issues with echo. please get in touch with us here: 
kindly share your details here: 
needful. please don't provide your order details, we consider it to be personal info. our page is visible to the public.  
sorry about that! we'll surely help. kindly report this to our team here :
into it and get back to you soon. appreciate your patience. () 
to you with an update soon. request you to wait.  
i understand how disappointing this could be, somesh. as, you've shared your details, we'll check and get back  
we'd like to have a closer look. could you please contact our support team through : 
we're glad to know your concern is resolved. keep us posted for any further issues. 
apologies, if you've shared the details in the link provided earlier here: 
hi, please get in touch with us here: 
hey there! we're always looking for ways to improve. you can also send packaging feedback here: 
i'm sorry he hasn't received his book. in this case, i recommend filing an a-to-z guarantee claim: 
sure thing, ian! he can contact us by phone after selecting his concern here: 
you're more than welcome! let us know if we can assist with anything else! 
my apologies about the delay, pratik. could you let us know what went wrong so that we can assist you accordingly? 
and well contact you soon. ()
i'm sorry you've not received the cash back yet. id like to help you, please fill this form: 
us the details using the link provided by 'su' &amp; i will look into the issue right away. ()
i'm afraid we haven't received your details. please sign in to your account, and send ()
thank you for the confirmation. we'll get back to you at the earliest. 
i'm sorry for the long stretch. kindly respond to the email sent by the social media team &amp; we'll get back to you with an update right away. 
twitter being a social media platform we'd not be able to check your account/order details. please reply back to the email with your concern and we will assist you. 
in this case, request you to wait and we shall get back to you soon. 
apologies, did you check for an email correspondence here: 
the email has also been sent to your registered email address. the link provided is only to help you access them easily and avoid the hassle of sorting the emails on your registered email address. 
we apologize for the inconvenience. please reply to the email you received previously from our team and we will get back to you at the earliest. 
apologies for the ordeal, we're unable to access your account details on twitter. kindly reply to the email and we'll connect with you at the earliest. 
i understand that you are upset. kindly let us know your concern by replying to the email that you received from us and we'll get back to you with an update at the earliest. 
i'm sorry about the stretch. we've received your revert and we'll reach out to you soon. 
we've sent a correspondence to your registered email id here: 
as the estimated delivery date is for today, i request you to allow us time til eod, as deliveries are done until 8 pm. 
please fill this form: 
please share the required details on the link provided earlier and we'll check this for you. 
your details through the link that was provided earlier so that we can assist your further.  
twitter being a social media platform, we wouldn't have the access to your account directly. request you to share  
sorry about the hassle you've had regarding the delivery of your order. we'd like to look into it. () 
thanks for keeping us in the loop! if you have further questions or concerns, please be sure to let us know! 
this is odd! please reach out to us by phone or chat here: 
hmm, seems odd. have you tried restarting your device? 
we're always looking for ways to improve and we'd like to hear feedback on your experience here: 
please dont provide your order details as we consider them to be personal info. our page is visible to public. ()
i'm sorry about the situation. kindly share your details here: 
uns ist kein problem bekannt. auf welchem gert versuchst du es denn? neustart schon einmal probiert? 
uns ist da nix bekannt. versuch mal einen anderen browser. 
welche strafe wurde hierfr verhngt? nein, im ernst: freut mich, dass es wieder klappt. liebe gre 
du bist ja hart  das ist ja fast noch schlimmer als -verbot  viele gre 
hi, sorry to see this! have you been able to review your return/replacement options? 
yes, you'll have 30 days to get the item back to us. we don't need to receive the return 1st before we ship the replacement. 
you can definitely use the original packaging for your return! you could also get a return box from the carrier upon return. 
you're welcome! please get in touch any time. 
truly sorry about that, akshay. please report this to our support team here: 
we'd like to help you with this. kindly share your details here: 
we have emailed you here: 
we're so sorry to hear this. we apologize for any frustration this has caused you. please use the following link to send us any other details you have to share, including your flight number. we'll pass your feedback on for further review.  
hey there! we're not able to replicate any issues on our end, but we'd love to help! is your app up to date? 
ol nilo, sinto muito o acontecido, voc j entrou em contato com nosso servio ao cliente para informar o acontecido? 
oh no!!  keep an eye on our best fare finder for our lowest fares.  
we want your iphone running great, too. what obstacles are you facing that we can help with today?
got it. which iphone and ios version are you using under settings &gt; general &gt; about?
install our newest ios 11.1 update to help: 
we appreciate the information! we definitely want to help you with this. please send us a dm. 
we love to hear suggestions. you can also tell us more about yours here: 
 since our twitter support is available in english, get help at 
that should not be happening. let us help. tell us more about this in dm. 
you've come to the right place for help. what type of device are you using? let us know via dm. 
let's work on it together. which iphone is it, and which version of ios does it have? how often is it restarting?
thank you. are all of your apps up to date? send us a dm, and we'll go from there. 
we're here to help. let's take this to dm and we'll check this out there. 
we understand wanting to get this resolved. get in touch with our developer support here: 
thanks for getting in touch. we'd like to assist. dm us and we'll go from there. 
let's get this resolved. are you still experiencing this issue? reply in dm to get started. 
we'd like to hear more about this complaint. dm us with more details at the link below please. 
we'd like to look into this with you. please click here to connect with us in dm. we'll continue there. 
let's team up on this. send us a dm with more information, and we'll continue from there. 
we're happy to assist. which ios 11 version are you currently running? go to settings &gt; general &gt; about for the version.
we want to look into this further with you. can you send us a dm and let us know the device model you're using? 
we'd like to look into what's going on with those sos calls. can you tell us more about what's happening?
check out the following article for more info on sos dialing with the side button of your watch: 
you're very welcome and please enjoy the rest of your day!
we'd like to look into this. to start, which device are you experiencing this on, and which software version is it running?
we'd like to look into this with you. dm us and we'll go from there. 
thanks for that information. dm us the exact ios version your iphone is running, and we'll continue from there. 
we want to help you resolve this keyboard issue. which ios version is currently installed?
let's help get this sorted. please reach out to us via dm and we can go from there together. 
we're here to help. let's take this to dm so we can better assist you. 
glad to hear it. let us know if anything else comes up.
we'd like to help. what device are you using, and which os version does it have installed?
wed love to help further. to start, please send us a dm. 
we'd love to help you with this. which ios version did you recently install? was it ios 11.1?
we want to help! please join us in dm to get started troubleshooting. 
we'd like to help. what device are you using, and which os version does it have installed?
allow us to assist. send us a dm so that we can help you with this. 
send us a dm and let us know what version of ios you're running. we'll go from there. 
hey! we just replied to your dm with more info. we'll carry on helping out backstage /cb
hey! can you dm us your account's email address? we'll see what we can suggest /cb 
hey there! can you let us know the ios and spotify versions you're using? we'll take a look backstage /rs
thanks. could you let us know the exact ios device and version? we'll see what we can suggest /rs
2: things in order to improve spotify. there's more info here: 
got it. it looks like you're seeing one of the changes that we've recently made to the app. we're always testing...
we're afraid it's not possible to revert back to the older app version, but we appreciate your feedback. we'll pass it on to the team /ny
thanks. does logging out &gt; restarting your device &gt; logging back in again make any difference? /km
sounds like a plan! we'll be right here waiting for your update /km
hey! that doesn't sound right. can you let us know the device and spotify version you're running? we'll see what we can suggest /km
hello, eric. very sorry to hear. follow/dm your confirm # for assistance.  
hi zack, pls dm your confirm # and i'd be happy to take a look at this for you.   
hi dan, have a wonderful time in minneapolis. thank you for flying with delta today! 
actually, i see that we have your skymiles account. i can retrieve your information from here. one moment please. 
oh no! we know you need to stay connected- send a dm my way so we can get to the bottom of this! 
ouch! that's not what we're about! were the devices damaged? 
oh goodness! i'm definitely sorry to hear that! can you send us a direct message so we can assist you? 
well we definitely hope you can get back to us soon, javier! the #magentafamily will welcome you back with open arms! 
hey there. what seems to be the issue you are having? let us know, we're here to help.
hi james, would your partner be able to contact us via twitter with their details? we could have a look into it. 
we haven't heard about any issues, liz. have you tried deleting your browsing history? 
allow me to review the hold for you to try to help. please send us a dm with your full name, phone number, and address. i kindly ask that you do not share any account numbers for security reasons. thanks.  
hi, we're following you now if you'd like to dm us. 
tomorrow, on london poppy day, we will be at heathrow terminals 2, 3 and 5 collecting money for the royal british legion. #lpd2017 
i want to research those unauthorized withdrawals you're concerned about. to have me research this, please dm us your full name, contact number, and address (no account numbers). thanks.  
we'd appreciate the chance to revisit this, heather. when you're ready, please send us the information we requested through dm (no account numbers). thanks in advance.  
sorry to hear that we did that, alexis. you can dm us your full name, phone number, and address to have us look into this. i ask that you refrain from posting any account numbers. thanks.  
i'm sorry, we have taken steps to resolve this a quickly as we can. bags will be available in store first thing tomorrow.
hi, this has be sorted and there are bags in store :)
i can confirm that store now have the bags available :)
..late tonight and will be available again tomorrow. he is also going to speak with the tea m about that lack of apology.
we're sorry for any wrong info given. we've already confirmed you on that flight. please see an agent for your boarding pass.
we're going to try our best to make up some time while in the air. please share your flight number so we can catch an update.
we're showing an updated departure time of 9:15a, we'll have wheels up just as quickly as we can.
you're in for another fantastic flight with us. please sit back and enjoy the ride.
we're so glad you've been reunited with your bag, stephanie. our #aateam can sure work some maagic.
we'll do our best to locate your bags and contact you with an update as quickly as possible!
we'll update your claim via this link: 
please file a claim with our baggage service office, stephanie. we'd like to get you reunited asap.
we don't want you to feel this way, how can we help?
that's not acceptable in any way, alex. we expect our team to be friendly and respectful with our customers. our apologies for any rudeness.
we're not able to adjust the airport list from here. an agent will be able to add you once you arrive.
we don't want to miss your connection, please dm your record locator if you need assistance rebooking.
we're trying to help and get you on the next earliest available flight. please allow us to take a look and dm your record locator.
bags need to be 50lbs or less, and under 62 linear inches. anything heavier or larger will incur a oversize bag charge.
i understand and would like to help. if you change your mind, please contact us so that we can assist further. 
its 5 o'clock somewhere, right? cheers, sheyla *! 
sorry for the delay, sierra! we'd love to help. we've been making enhancements based on viewer input: 
apologies for any frustration, sarah! we've expressed your ff feedback to our developers for review. we hope that helps. 
absolutely, sarah! we can also recommend pressing the back button once to make the overlay go away sooner, if on roku.
can you please send us a direct message so i can look into this for you?
thanks for reaching out. please send us a dm and also follow us so we can further assist.
thanks for getting in touch, alex. we dont have an app right now but its something were looking in to. marc
...i'll arrange a full refund plus a goodwill gesture to apologise for the inconvenience. steven  
apologies lauren, what store was this purchased from? can you tell me the barcode number please?
apologies peter, what store was this purchased from? steven
thanks peter. can you dm us your nectar card number via the link please? we'll pop on a refund and feed this back. lauren 
glad you're a fan kerrie, happy snacking. steven
i can't blame you kerrie! it sure is yummy. lauren
what's your local store charlotte? i'll check for you. steven
if you click on the following link, it will allow you to raise a product request for the item with our buyers 
thanks. unfortunately, it seems these store's no longer stock the item
that's great lauren, i'll get this logged with our buyers for internal review. if you dm your nectar card number using the below link... 
...be taken. sorry again for the inconvenience. take care. shaun 
hi there, i'm very sorry about this. could you confirm the postcode this happened at please? robbie
thanks for all the info. i've contacted our depot manager at bromley by bow so appropriate action can... 
 the 2 carriages are in the middle of the train at present but are due to be allocated to the usual position soon
hi sarah, which train are you on? can you clarify what you mean please?
 out of the 8 carriages provided on our new services 2 of them are first class sarah.
i'll make sure your feedback is recorded.
hello jordan. the seats on the new train have all been ergonomically designed with more leg room.
hi brito, i am looping in our expert team to help answer your question. thanks! 
hi, how can we help you? thanks  
you can import animate files into dw 
you are welcome! please feel free to tweet us back if you have any other trouble. regards 
hi brito, for website development, you can use dreamweaver, and for canvas interactivity, adobe animate. () 
good morning. were you contacted by our executive office with a resolution? please follow so we can direct message. 
good morning. what type of amex card are you referring to? i want to make sure i can help. 
hello.no news on any upcoming lounges. you can locate details at: 
my pleasure, keya. you know where to find us in the future. wishing you safe travels! 
please let me know if you have any other q's. have a great day! 
hi there. we are not able to dispute pending charges. once the charge posts to the account, you can then dispute the charge.
what sort of things have you been looking at doing, simon? 
chester is a lovely place, manchester too. 
what number did you call? 
try this number.  1-888-780-3962 
we understand.  we can't refund her.  you need to call our business office at 1-800-698-3545.  this a direct number.
that's the number to our business office.  you have to wait in que for a representative.  we aren't able to assist in your request. 
congrats! you're the winner of our toys competition! dm us your name, number &amp; full postal address &amp; we can send you a prize!
tell us how many animal toys are in this pic for the chance to win 35 to buy this theatre for your kids ! 
hey there, if you need assistance please send me a message via dm. more than happy to help.  
please send me a dm so i can better assist you.  
please look over this article: 
hi there! i apologize for any frustrations. can you please clarify the issues you are having and i would be happy to help.
 them here: 
hi there! help is here. may we know which account you are using? kindly reply to us via dm. 
 if thats the case, we recommend contacting answer desk to walk you through the account recovery process. you may reach
here's a link which will help you sync between your pc and mobile phone: 
we would suggest that you perform the hard reset following the key combinations: 
hi, zac. just checking in, do you still need help from us? has your issue been resolved? let us know, we're here to help.
hi katie, we aren't restocking these particular ones but we're sure that we'll have something similar to choose from :)
we would like to look into this urgent matter. please dm the tracking, phone number &amp; delivery address so we can review what options might be available. what is in the package? are you able to find something similar locally?  
i'm sorry to hear this happened. please provide your tracking number, phone number, and your full address in a dm. we would like to see what we can do to help you receive this shipment today. 
i am sorry to hear your package has been delayed. we would be happy to look into this for you. please dm the tracking number and delivery address so we can research the situation.  
sorry to hear this tweet. we'd like to look into this. please dm us details of your concern and your complete booking and contact information so we may address this accordingly. thanks!  
hi laize, we are sorry for the delay in someone responding to you. can you please dm us your email so we can help you further.
nice! we hope she enjoyed them :)
 chat with us here daz and we'll take a look: 
what's happened to make you say this amy?  dm us more info, we'd like to help. 
sorry for the trouble. please dm us your idea number and alternate contact details. rgds, yogita 
the transaction you've provided was completed at 14:46 pm. please confirm the balance. 
please liaise with the bank for assistance. 
share the number we assist. 
we've reset your number, please restart your handset and try connecting. 
 this is not possible, get a replacement card and get back to us with a contact.
you are welcome. 
we have called and advised. 
hi ben, please can you send us more info of what has happened? 
hi, i am really sorry, please dm me your reservation number and i will look in to it for you. 
hi can you please follow and dm us with your order number and we will be able to assist you further. ~ vicky
can you advise what store you purchased the item from and i will call them on your behalf?
i have tried to call the store without success. can i advise that you return your item to store and the store will assist you further.
hi leanne, i am sorry to hear this. can you please dm your order number and full address and postcode if item was delivered?
thanks for getting in touch. send us a message and we'll get started helping you out.
i'm very sorry about this. i will share your feedback with our leadership team.
i'm very sorry to hear this. what is your flight number?
hello there,
we've now sent you a dm in regards to this, please check your messages.
thanks, connor.
thanks for that roz, i've passed on your feedback yo the store manager.
hi roz, sorry about this :( can you let me know which store you visited so i can pass your feedback on
oh dear! someone dropped the ball on this one. i will let the buyer know about this
if you're running into issues with apple music playback, we'd like to help you out. please tell us what type of device you use. also, please let us know what version of the ios / macos software you currently have installed. 
hola raul, sentimos el inconveniente. el producto es vendido y gestionado por amazon o es vendido por un vendedor externo?
we aim to meet the date given in your order confirmation e-mail: 
did you select release day delivery at check-out: 
please reach out to us here: 
 para ms informacin sobre la garanta legal, accesa aqu: 
oh no! we'd like to help in any way we can. what's the latest status for your order here: 
sorry for the poor experience! have you spoken our customer service so we could escalate this feedback to the carrier? 
bonjour, je suis dsole d'apprendre cela. l'article est-il expdi par amazon ou par le vendeur tiers ? 
avez-vous dpos une rclamation au titre de la garantie a  z? 
voil le lien pour soumettre la rclamation de la garantie de a  z : 
avez-vous suivi les mmes tapes ?
avez-vous dj essay de contacter notre sav? 
vous pouvez contacter le service client de  depuis le lien suivant: 
il faut cliquer sur " commande passe " et suivre  en remplissant les champs afin d'avoir les channels de contact en bas. 
a votre service
oh no! we'd like to help troubleshoot with you. do you mind telling us which amazon site you use? (.com/.ca/.
eitaa quais livros comprou ? 
o seu corao bate mais forte quando voc passa na frente de uma livraria?  
as pessoas costumam te perguntar quantos livros voc j leu?  
nossa! manda uma foto dessa estante maravilhosa para gente . 
eita nossa, amei tanto que quero um igual!  
hi. i'm sorry to hear that. what was the expected delivery date given at the time the order was placed? 
i'm so sorry for the troubling experience! is the product still in okay condition? please let us know. 
happy to hear it. we'd like to document your experience and look into your options here: 
segnala l'accaduto nostro servizio clienti cliccando qui: 
hello, tom! we would love to hep! what system are you purchasing the game for? 
we don't have any information on the digital release times. please keep an eye on your e-mail for any updates of the code. 
hola josu, el producto es vendido y enviado por amazon o por un vendedor externo? recibiste un correo notificando el cambio? 
entiendo, has entrado en contacto con el transportista para verificar lo sucedido? 
josu, puedes contactarlos mediante los dados que encuentras en este enlace: 
entiendo, el pedido era gestionado por amazon o por un vendedor independiente? 
entiendo, por favor reportalo con nuestro servicio al cliente por medio de este enlace: 
suarez, por favor entra en contacto con nuestros compaeros de soporte al cliente: 
lamento el inconveniente, has entrado en contacto con la empresa de transportes para verificar lo sucedido? 
bonjour, avez-vous signal cet incident  notre sav ? 
vous pouvez contacter notre service client depuis le lien suivant : 
a caixa da felicidade j chegou  s amor para voc, roberto! o que voc recebeu hoje?  
felicidade mesmo!  conta para gente qual  seu gnero literrio favorito? 
as pessoas costumam te perguntar quantos livros voc j leu? 
sorry to learn that, id like to help you, please fill this form: 
please do not worry, you would receive a confirmation mail soon on the prime activation. appreciate your patience 
once the echo order is dispatched, the membership will be activated. appreciate your patience. 
please contact us here: 
i couldn't comprehend your concern. could you elaborate the issue so that we can assist you accordingly? 
as requested, could you please elaborate the issue so that we can assist you accordingly. 
in that case, kindly share your details here: 
help you in resolving the issue for you.  
i get your disappointment, dushyant. we'd like to help you. please share your details so that we can work on it and  
please share your details from the link provided for us to check your concern and assist accordingly. () 
we will be responding to your concern via dm.  
i get your concern, dushyanth. this being a public platform, we wouldn't be able to access your details. () 
i'm sorry about the trouble you had reaching us. could you let us know more about your concern? 
dazu haben wir keine informationen. wir bemhen uns natrlich, den service fr internationale kunden weiter auszubauen. 
hi, was the order listed as sold by a seller or amazon directly? 
thanks for bringing this to our attention. can you tell us which ios version this is occurring on please?
we'd like to take a closer look at what's happening. send us a dm and we'll meet up with you there. 
we'd like to help. please confirm the itunes version number you have installed now to get started.
great. thanks for grabbing that for us. let's move our conversation into dm so we can try a few steps to help out. 
send us a dm and let us know what version of ios 11 you're running. we'll go from there. 
we've got your back. have you recently seen a prompt for a carrier settings update? if not, lets check: 
got it. let's go ahead and meet in dm and we'll continue this from there. 
we offer support via twitter in english. contact us for help in your preferred language here: 
we're not showing any issues on our end: 
has it been over 24 hours since you tried activating?
thank you for providing us with that information. let's look further into this issue. please dm us the device you are using. 
we offer support via twitter in english. contact us for help in your preferred language here: 
let's have a look at this. please dm us here: 
let's look into your options together. let us know in dm a bit more about what you're wanting to do. 
thanks for reaching out. dm the specific issue you are seeing with messages to get started. 
let's work together in dm to investigate what's going on with your time machine. 
we want to help get your iphone working properly. which exact ios version and iphone are you using?
we'd like to know more about what you're seeing. dm us with what type of apple watch you're using. 
let's get you in touch with our apple tv experts so they can assist further. reach out here: 
we'd like to help. could you direct message us and tell us what ios version you're on currently? 
great question! our account security team is best suited to help you. you can reach them directly here:  
we'd like to help you with this. are you using the charging cable that came with your iphone? have you tried another cable?
if this issue reappears, we'd like you to notice how you're charging and if the behavior changes if you switch cables.
you're welcome. have a great rest of your day.
we'd be happy to look into this with you.  please reach out to us via dm and we'll get started. 
keeping your software up to date is one of the most important things you can do to maintain your apple product's security.
hi. we're here for you. dm us and tell us the exact version of ios you're running. we'll go from there. 
thanks for reaching out. dm which iphone and specific ios version you are using to get started. 
we're happy to help. what version of ios are you currently running? find that in settings &gt; general &gt; about.
send us a dm and let us know your country. we'll take a closer look together. 
happy to help you with this. can you tell us which ios and watchos version you are currently using please?
dm us using the link below. we'll look into things from there. 
since our twitter support is available in english, get help at 
we'd be happy to look into what's going on with that award not showing up. to start, can you tell us which device you're using?
got it. send us a dm with the country you're currently located in, and we'll continue from there. 
we'd be happy to look into what's going on. which device and ios version are you using?
dm us your country, and we'll continue working there. 
our pleasure! let us know if you have further questions &amp; we'll be glad to help.
dm the country or region where you are currently located to continue. 
you're very welcome. the first step to resolving this issue, would be to update the ios 11.1. 
we'd be happy to help with some battery tips. let's start with the maximizing tips found here: 
we want to help. which ios version is installed? you'll find that from settings &gt; general &gt; about.
dm us using the link below. we'll look into things from there. 
when you have a moment, please send us over a dm. we're happy to work together with you on this. 
we offer support via twitter in english. contact us for help in your preferred language here: 
we'll be happy to provide you with some information on this. reach out to us via dm and we'll continue with you there. 
we want to look into what's going on with your touchid. to start, which device and ios version are you using?
can you tell us a bit more about what's going on with your touchid?
dm us your country, and we'll continue working there. 
we'll make sure to get this straightened out. dm us, and we'll see you there. 
let's explore this in more details. which device is exact ios version are you using? when are you receiving this error?
our apple apps team would be best equipped to help with this. you can reach out to them here:  
you most certainly can. check out this helpful article about how to turn off auto-brightness:
you are welcome. if you have any questions in the future, please reach back out to us.
we can help with this. are you on the latest ios 11.1? dm us your reply to continue 
our online store team is best suited to help you with your order. you can reach them here:  
we'd be happy to look into what's going on. do you know if you have a recent backup from before those notes went missing?
restoring a backup with that data would be the only way to recover that data. you can see how here: 
here to help! send us a note via 
here to help! send us a note at 
can you please provide your account email so we can better connect? we will follow up.
appreciate you providing that information, alphonse. please follow up with us via dm  by clicking here. 
we'll get this sorted out! please send us a note at 
sorry for the trouble! send us a note via 
hi there! please reach out to 
i'm sorry about this christine, what store did you visit? i'd like to double check this for you. ty
hi christine, i've had a little check and it looks like we're currently having supplier issues, we hope to resolve this soon.-marian
hi christine, thanks for getting back to us and i hope to get this back into store as soon as possible. thanks
thank you for getting back to me christine, i'll get this checked and get back to you soon.-marian
hi there, i'm sorry you couldn't get a basic calculator, what store was this? i can check if they stock it. ty
hi daniel, i have replied via dm. ty
i have logged your feedback on our systems for review. ty 
hi daniel, i'm sorry to hear that one of the toilet rolls you bought was not full. 
could you please return to the store with your box of strawberries? 
hi claudia, i'm so sorry to hear this, i totally understand how annoying that must have been! 
hi claudia, did you get my message? thanks, calum
wilson, thank you much for tweeting us. please take a look at your dm. 
hey val! we can help out in english via twitter, but we also have indonesian support via email at 
no worries. if there's anything else, just give us a shout. have a... 
hey there! can you let us know your device, operating system, and spotify version? we'll see what we can suggest /rc
oh yes, a laptop size bag would be considered a personal item. 
hi kayla, yes, you're permitted 1 carry on bag for free, up to 45 inches. a personal item is also included in the free allowance. 
hi kelly. may i have your flight number?  
customer service at 1-877-350-0038 or __email__. 
i'm sorry. you sent us a dm here? i'm not seeing that we've received one.  please dm again.
thanks for letting me know. if you need assistance in the future, please do not hesitate to reach back out to us.
hi, i apologize for the troubles w/ your cable service. can you please dm your phone # &amp; full address? i would like to assist you.  ty.
thanks for reaching out. we're going to look into this to give you more deets! dm us if you have any other questions. 
lets make sure you have signal everywhere you need it!  meet me here 
hi claire, we're not aware of any issues with our website. are you receiving an error message? 
we're sorry for any inconvenience caused to your journey. we hope you're on your way soon, lacey! 
it's delayed due top prior maintenance issues and is estimated to leave now at 9a.
please have our crew reset it and see if that does the trick. if that doesn't help, please let us know in dms.
you're welcome, please be sure to let our crew know if there's anything they can do to help make your ride more comfy!
it's going to be another great journey and we're very happy to have you on board. let the #aadventure begin!
we're glad they're taking excellent care of you and will be sure to pass along your praises to our leadership team! #aateam
it's a beautiful morning and we're thrilled to be sharing the skies with you. have an aamazing day!
thanks for including us in your travel plans, andy. take the extra time to enjoy this beautiful day!
we know delays aren't fun. please have your dad contact us here if he needs help with rebooking options.
we'll get an update for you, what's your flight number?
our engineers are working to restore services. i am very sorry for the delay. 
good morning! so we can further assist you please follow?dm your account number as well as the full service addre... 
i can look up what the lights should be doing, what is the make and model of that device? 
hi cheryl ! please dm us your perks email so we can take a look into this for you. thanks!
we'd be happy to take care of you here! can you dm your confirmation number?  
thanks for the shoutout! we sure do love to get in the halloween spirit. 
that is correct. 
hey bobby. we don't charge a change fee. that said, any fare differences will apply for a reservation modification. 
sorry! we typically serve a lighter ad load than traditional tv, but we have other streaming options: 
with our live tv service, content from the cw is available as network on-demand. we're working to bring it live in the future.
correct! cloud dvr records sports games, movies, and tv shows as they air live. for more info: 
can you please send us a dm so we can further assist? 
not to worry david, you can log a product request with our buyers by following this link: 
of course, it's. steven
of course lynzie, can you dm your nectar card number &amp; a pic of your receipt please? steven
thanks for making us aware. apologies for any discomfort caused
hi there. this is correct
hi. we're hoping to release the advance tickets and reservations this week. lewis
hi, jay. we'd be happy to help out! please dm us the time of this ride. :) 
hi there, can you dm us the phone number associated with your account so we can take a look? 
hey! that's an awesome idea and the bogo is an amazing offer. in order to qualify for this particular offer, adding a line is required, but if that doesn't work for you, we have a ton of other offers. check them out here: 
it's important to stay powered up and we definitely can take a closer look into this for you. send us a dm and we'll see what's going on. 
this one that can help with  
this will be one for to help with. 
hey! i want you to have the best customer service available and we're happy to assist here, with anything you wanted to do in store. send me a dm, so we can get right on it! 
apologies for trouble caused to you. we request you to share your idea number for further assistance. regards, vicky 
we are sorry for the inconvenience caused to you. we have noted your concern and will get in touch with you soon. regards, vicky
sorry to hear that! please check your dm's for more instructions.
i can check your account to see the status of any linked outages.
 please provide your full name and address. thanks!
we can check the connection for you, dm us with your account info to get started.
i'm elated we can consistently provide a fantastic experience! tweet us if you need us! 
thanks for the shout-out! feel free to tweet us if we can ever be of service. have a wonderful day! 
we're pleased we could be a bright spot on your day! tweet us if you ever need support. 
i'm with chase and noticed your tweet. please feel free to reach out if you'd like to share further details about this. 
i'm with chase and saw your tweet. i will share your feedback for review. let us know if we can provide any other assistance. 
thanks for the mention! please let us know if we can ever provide support. 
lease visit 
were you able to get it fixed? if not, id like to help. 
please allow us some time and our social care team will follow up with you. 
click below to send your name/zip/phone # and details so i can call to see how i can help.  
we'd be glad to look into this for you. please allow us some time and our social care team will follow up with you. 
thank you for getting back to us. if you need any help in the future, please let us know. 
were here to help. do you have an account with bank of america? 
were here to help; let me know what i can do. 
click the link below to send your name/zip/phone # and details so i can call to see how i can help.  
please use link below to send your full name/zip/phone/account type and well follow up with you.  
we apologize for the inconvenience. 
yes. in olb you can temporarily lock a debit/atmt card, and unlock it later if the misplaced card is found. 
...for new photos, if the previous photos were never uploaded before. if this isnt the case, let us know! 
hi again, you can amend your notifications related to paper using the steps here: 
thx for the clarification adam these notifications cannot be removed, but well be sure to forward this as feedback to our team!
hey adam, have you adjusted the notification settings in your account online 
i am sorry to hear that. could you  maybe file a claim with the courier? thanks, charlotte
i am really sorry to hear that. i would love to help, if i can. have a good day. charlotte
coud you dm me your postcode, email address and full name on ebay account and item number? thanks charlotte
thanks for your feedback. i will pass it on. have a good day. charlotte
i am sorry to hear that. can you explain what's different? 
thanks for the feedback! we appreciate you taking the time to let us know. were here if you have other questions. 
oh no! if the payment was reversed, contact the buyer about payment/return. were here if you have other questions. 
if the payment was reversed after you sent the item, we recommend going here 
we'll need to know more to see if there are other options. can you dm us your full name, email address and postal/zip code? 
i see. i can check that for you. see my previous tweet about dming us some info so we can review. thanks! 
im happy to do that! you can also send suggestions here 
to you, as well! were here for you if you have other questions. have a great evening! 
hi! theres not an account setting for when you start a search, but if you use the uk only filter, you can save that search. 
hi! were happy to check into whats going on. did you open a case w/ paypal for an ebay purchase? what happened? 
hi sam, we wouldn't want you to leave us, are you looking to upgrade? have you spoken to our upgrade team directly?
 please dm us your mobile number and we'll pass on feedback to the advisor you spoke with internally. 
hi pip, you can log into my o2 and check for a different tariff that includes more data: 
hi rachy  this can take up to 24 hours for the number to change. has it been 24 hours since you requested this?
okay. what time did you request it? has it been over 24 hours? have you tried rebooting your phone?
okay, have you rebooted your phone?
turn your phone off, leave it for a few seconds then turn it back on 
okay, chat with us here and we'll take a look: 
we've replied to your private message simon.
that's all the information we have simon.
hi simon, did you pre-order online? if so, it'll be delivered in the timescale showing when you pre-ordered.
hey there, no news at the moment but register here to be notified when there is: 
 what's happened to make you say that connie? please drop us a dm with more details: 
if you're still having issues please provide me a dm to help you.  
hi chris. the terabyte internet data usage plan provides 1tb of usage monthly and is in many areas across the country (
hello, perhaps the easiest way would be to refer to our paper timetable, available to view online 
hi alex, when did you submit this form? 
hi alex, you should have received an automated reference regarding the complaint. have you checked your spam folder? 
hi, sorry to hear you have not had any confirmation, would you be able to dm us?  
customer was already assisted with the reversal issue. have a good evening. 
hi, your reversal requested was captured under reference number 1-dbeq4lv, you shall be advised once complete.  @119433
we appreciate that you've been patient thus far, we're still following up &amp; we'll be in touch as soon as we have feedback @119433
share the email reference number for follow up. 
sent to us through which email? what is it about? please advise. 
hi, kindly provide a brief description of the issue so that we can assist you. 
yes, we call through that number to advise our clients to pay back their m-shwari loans.
sorry for the trouble caused to you. please dm us your idea and alternate contact details to assist you better. rgds, arti
as per our recent telecon, your concern has been discussed and will be addressed.
we regret the inconvenience caused. your contact details are with us and we will get back to you soon. regards, mahindra
we understand your 
hi, thanks for reaching out. if you need any technical assistance, please let me know the product model and the issue. 
hi bella, i'd be happy to help! what's the model name of the printer? do you get any error message? let me know :) 
please reply as a dm so that i can assist you better. regards ^ sanal... 
hi eleni, thanks for tweeting. which printer do you use? reboot the router and printer and then check. do you get errors?...
hi elini, let's reboot the router, printer and pc. after that try steps from this link: 
hi, our support is limited to english only. please post back in english and i would love to help you. :) ..
sorry to hear you are having trouble. please use 
i'm sorry to hear about this. can you dm your confirmation code so i can look into this for you.
thanks for getting in touch. send us a message and we'll get started helping you out.
we're happy to welcome you on board!
pre boarding for wearing a timbers jersey is just when traveling out of portland
 in the morning at 9.00.  i am sorry for these problems.  jan
3/ but to some one else.  so need to find out where.  jan
hi val i understand your frustration, but the drivers are at a meeting and they can not be contacted until later.  i could  1/
 2 and 6. i hope this is ok.  thank you jan
thank you jan,
  it seems they have been put through a wrong door.  they have now been rebooked for today /2017 on 1214184719 between
hi val, so sorry it has taken a while,i have spoken to the store again this morning gavin and it is showing delivered  
2/ leave back in the pile too see if someone else can call later this afternoon but didnt really want too.  it has been delivered
hi could you dm me your order number and i can see what i can do for you.
thank you jane, that's great to hear
hi david, i have not received your details?  sorry.  parm
david, can you please follow and dm us with the order details, for security, you may want to delete your last public tweet too
hi cherelle, please can you dm us with your order details and we will be able to look into this for you ~ vicky
social bundle for further assistance thank you. ()
for data or social bundle for further assistance thank you. ()
thats not the quality you come to expect from us. please dm us your receipt number. 
that is a good question! this exclusive promotion is available to all redcard holders. thanks.
we're sorry that you had a problem with your order, michael! please dm us your contact info and we will open a ticket. thanks!
oh no, holly! we're sorry about that! please dm us your contact info and we will open a ticket. thanks!
i've added your +1 for wanting to see this feature looked into! thanks for letting us know.  
hola, gracias por tu opinin, lo tomaremos como feedback para futuras actualizaciones. saludos y sigue en marcha
vamos a ayudarte. prueba a desisntala la app, limpia cache y cookies, resetea el telfono y reinstala la app. funciona?
podrias cambiar el idioma y region del telefono a ingls?funciona? si es asi vuelvelo al castellano.
podras asegurarte que  ests corriendo con el modo ahorro energa desactivado?
podras asegurarte que  ests corriendo con el modo ahorro energa desactivado?
lamento lo sucedido pitu, puedes hacer la devolucin del producto verificando esta informacin: 
please dont provide your order details as we consider them to be personal info. our page is visible to public. ()
i'm sorry about the delay in cashback. kindly connect with us here: 
we don't have any announcement regarding it. request you to please stay tuned to our website for updates. 
could you confirm if you've escalated this to our support team from the link provided earlier? 
we regret the inconvenience. please fill in your details here: 
truly sorry about the experience. we certainly did not expect this to happen. please contact us () 
hi stanley, we'd like to look into this for you. please send us your details on this form: 
hi, sorry to hear there's been a delay. what's your parcel status: 
what was the original delivery date given in your order confirmation e-mail? 
please contact us via phone or chat here: 
we consider them to be personal info. our page is visible to public. ()
sorry to hear that, please contact us here: 
we shall be doing our best to meet the estimated delivery date. 
missed the estimates mentioned here: 
we ship the order as per the estimates mentioned while placing the order. could you let us know if we've ()
i'm sorry for any poor delivery experiences you've had. without account details, can you tell us more about what's happened? 
my apologies andrew. was any additional information provided? 
i apologize for the troubling experience. please let us know if you do not receive an email from us within 48 hours. 
so sorry for the poor experience! please contact us here: 
that's sooo much better than the skirt we made! please drop your details here for some accessories: 
thank you for the update. we received your information. 
hello, kate! we're here to help. i'm sorry for the troubles. is this the one you are looking for? 
the e-mail states the deal starts at a specific time for the release of the item. pls let us know if it isn't available then! 
i apologize for any inconvenience. i hope you will be able to take advantage of our future promotions. 
hola, sentimos esta experiencia. el producto es vendido y gestionado por amazon o es vendido por un vendedor externo? 
i'm sorry to hear of the issues with this dispute and i want to escalate this to my billing disputes partners. can you click/direct message only your phone number? they will call in 1-2 business days. do not send account numbers/pins over twitter. thank you!  
bonjour, je suis navre pour cela. pour vrifier cela, veuillez remplir le formulaire suivant : 
je vais transmettre votre requte  la personne en charge de votre dossier. 
vous pouvez compter sur moi et merci pour votre patience et votre comprhension.
je suis dsol pour cette situation et comprends votre commentaire. j'ai relanc le service pour chang cela rapidement.
bonjour, nous avons bien remont cela, notre service en charge est en train de vrifier votre dossier et reviendra vers vous. 
vous pouvez contacter le service en question, en envoyant un e-mail au service client via le lien suivant : 
you're in the right place. let's meet up via dm so we can dig in to this in greater detail. 
that should not be happening. let us help. dm us more details about this. 
you'll find more info on compatibilty with your airpods at the following link: 
we're more than happy to take a look. dm us with more details, and we'll pick back up there. 
we'd like to look into this with you. can you tell us which device and os version you're using?
thank you. please send us a dm and tell us the specific version number you see under settings &gt; general &gt; about &gt; version. 
you're right, that email is not from us. this link will help identify phishing and how to report it: 
we'd like to assist you with your ipad too. join us in dm at the link below to get started. 
so we have a good starting place, can you tell us which device and os version you're using?
which ios 11 version are you running? you can check by going to settings &gt; general &gt; about &gt; version.
we'd be happy to see how we can help. what's going on?
thanks for reaching out to us. we are always happy to help. is this the only playlist that this happens with?
thanks for following up. send us a dm so we can talk about this with you there. 
thanks for reaching out. dm which iphone and specific ios version you are using to get started. 
if you're still having troubles, be sure to follow up with our team that helps with garageband here:
we're here to help. to start, what device model and software version are you currently using?
we're here to help. dm us and tell us the device you have and the exact version of ios you're running. 
there's an update to 11.1 now, let's go ahead and do that now: 
dm the country or region where you are currently located to continue. 
are you able to connect when using wi-fi? are you able to make and take calls?
we can help you. could you tell us what happens when you try to connect to the internet? do you get an error message?
hey there! depending on your bank, it can take 3-5 business days to reflect in your account. we hope this helps.
no problem! feel free to reach out to us here if you need help in the future.
it's important for your iphone to charge reliably. to start, check out these steps: 
we'd like to help out with this. join us in dm so that we can gather more details about your device. 
going back to a previous ios version is not possible. what we can do is perform steps that can help us overcome these challenges. rest assured we'll do our best to help. send us a direct mesage to continue. 
we'd love to help. which iphone model are you using? dm the answer below. 
we want to help get your iphone working properly. which exact ios version and iphone are you using?
thanks.  please take look under settings &gt; general &gt; about and let us know the exact ios version.
thank you. please check to see if you have an update available under settings &gt; general &gt; software update.
we want to look into this with you. send us a dm letting us know more about what happened. 
we're here for you. does this happen when do not disturb is enabled? do newly created alarms have the same issue?
we'd be happy to see how we can help. which device and os version are you experiencing this on?
dm us your country, and we'll continue working there. 
we want to be sure you receive notifications as you'd expect. let us know if this helps: 
thanks for clarifying this for us. have you restarted both devices since you noticed this behavior?
sounds good! do you have any app updates available? let us know if it persists once you restart.
ok, we can definitely look into this further with you. go ahead and send us a dm and we'll take it from there. 
we're here for you. send us a dm, and we'll take a closer look at updating your macos. 
ok. feel free to send us a dm if you still have questions.
we'll be happy to look into this. dm us which iphone you're using and we'll go from there. 
dm is a direct message. click the link here: 
good morning, sai! we're sorry that the update isn't working out. send us a dm, and tell us why. we'd love to sort it out. 
hi. we'd like to help. dm us and tell us the exact version of ios you're running on your device. 
thanks for reaching out. dm which iphone and specific ios version you are using to get started. 
we're here for you. tell us what's happening with your iphone 7 plus.
we've received your dm and will reply to you there shortly. 
we're here for you. let's take a closer look at this issue together in dm. 
we can help. this looks like a phishing attempt. see how to handle and report these here: 
perfect, thanks. be sure to reach out if you need us again. take care.
we've received your dm and will contiue with you from there. keep an eye out for our response.
hello! you'll want to work with our enterprise support team on this. you can reach them through this link: 
we want to help with any issues you're experiencing. please let us know in dm what's going on with your iphone. 
we'd be happy to look into this display issue with you. to start, can you tell us which apple watch you're using?
which iphone and ios version are you using on the paired iphone?
do you notice this display issue with any other apps?
thanks. let's start by updating both devices to see if the issues continues. this can help: 
we're happy to help out with your sync issues. to get started, let us know which version of windows and itunes you have installed.
thanks for letting us know. check out this article for troubleshooting: 
let's look into what's happening together. send us a dm telling us the country you're located in to begin. 
we were able to follow up with you via dm. please get back to us there if you have any questions.
here to help! send us a note at 
we're here to help! please send us a note here; 
happy to help, srinu! can you dm us your email address associated with your uber account so we can follow up?
here to help! send us a note at 
we apologize for the trouble! we're currently reviewing your email and will connect right away.
happy to help! send us a message here; 
sorry for the trouble! contact us via 
uber support here! please dm us with the details of your inquiry and we'll be happy to follow up.  
we're here to help! send us a note here, 
hi jude, we have had a few customers say the same thing, so the shopping list will be coming back in the near future. 
hi vicki, i've spoken to the chesterfield store and they've told me for diesel it's 118.9 per litre. thanks
hi, ruthie. i'm sorry the bottles arrived damaged, please could you dm your full name, address and email address? thanks
26th november is the date delivery saver customers can book slots up to and including 23rd december. thanks
the majority of these are in the london areas. i hope this helps. thanks 
hi maria, thank you for your query, only customers in our fulfillment centres can get christmas eve slots. 
hi there, we're sorry to see this. please file a report: 
fingers crossed we'll have it available to you soon, but there's info about spotify content here: 
hi lauren. skyclub access requires a membership.  
personal entertainment system. please reach out to a onboard fa to see if you can get assistance with it. 
i'm sorry to hear that. please dm for a message. 
i'm showing live satellite tv is available on dl2286. i'm so sorry if you are having a problem with your (cont)... 
i'd be happy to look into your data overage. please dm your full address, primary phone number, and full name?
hey! if you're having service troubles, let us know in a dm. we're here to help! 
ty for the heads up, strider! we're just a dm away if you ever need us.thx for being a #magentarockstar 
to look into this further, please dm us the requested details. thanks.  
hi russ, while most airlines overbook flights to keep fares as low as possible, it's disappointing to hear that we misjudged the numbers 
we're very sorry to hear this, neil. have the school been in touch with us to discuss alternative rebooking options? 
absolutely, that's the perfect way to start a trip!
we appreciate you hanging in there! have a good time.
please speak with the final carrier on any reimbursement options.
did you mean tucson? if so, we offer direct flights to phx and then you can take a quick hop over tus in no time!
you bet! a great experience is what we aim for every time.
we'd like to get you an update, what's your flight number?
we hear your frustration and will have you on your way soon. our sincere apologies for any inconvenience caused.
great to hear, matty 
could you dm us further details? 
just so that we are clear on our end. the linksys is currently not hooked up to anything, correct? 
is there a cable plugged into the wan port on the actiontec router? 
then give it a good 5 minutes to boot back up to see if any other lights show up on the router. 
you can press the alarm silence button for 15 seconds. 
yes that is normal. 
if we can get you to dm us, we can gather more details to get to the bottom of this for you. 
can you press and hold the alarm reset button on the battery backup unit for 15 seconds to reboot that device? 
did this start happening after you hooked up the linksys router? 
let me partner you with our verizon wireless team @115990.  
that sounds like you might be getting some wireless interference.  have you tried to reboot the router yet? 
does your router have two white lights on it?  
we need to isolate your wireless equipment.  can you please contact us at when you are at the premise?  
thank you for the shout out.  
we can certainly help, melissa.  are you just trying to plug up the linksys router to work on our network? 
we apologise, this is a mistake on our website and is currently being updated.
this is being looked into currently, hang in there while it gets remedied! 
we apologise, this is a mistake on our website and is currently being updated.
we're sorry for any disappointment, matt :(
oh no kate, sorry to hear this. did you return the shoes via post or to one of our stores?
email, postal address and we'll ask them to contact you directly   
no probs, just responded to your dm, kate :)
no worries, kate. if you call our ordering team on &gt; 0333 014 8000 they can help you further. alternatively feel free to dm us your  
if you have any issues please dm me to help you.  
thank you and when would you say the last time you experienced this was? 
thanks for the information. which game modes does this happen after, what's your region and what is your psn id? 
hi. what platform are you on and are you in a party when this happens? if so, how many players (including yourself)? 
we want to help you, jess. can you please dm us with your email address to help us find your account? thank you.
awesome soldier, if you need anything just let us know, i hope to see you on the field 
 hello there, we are currently investigating this issue. i apologize for the inconvenience. please look out for updates. 
hi katherine,  is there anything you'd like us to feed back? please dm us some details about this: 
we don't currently offer this however we do still offer our classic sim. more info on this here: 
we're regularly reviewing our prices and packages and will take your feedback on board simon.
okay, keep us updated on this.
please chat with us so we can look into this for you. 
 we'd always assist you as soon as we possibly could edward. have you rearranged to pick the phone up? feel free to dm us. 
 what happened exactly phil? dm us your mobile number and we'll pass on your feedback: 
we've replied to your dm chris.
hi chris  we're not sure what you mean by this, are you waiting to pick up an order with us? dm us more info  
amazing news oli  
there's always a chance elliot, this would depend on stock levels  you'll receive a notification when it's been dispatched.
if this was confirmed at the time you placed your order, this will be the timescale 
have a great flight guys! 
sorry for any disappointment shane. you need to check in on the delta site with your existing booking reference 
if you'd like to dm your booking ref, flight no and date of travel we can look into this for you 
here is a link that will help you sammy
we do have an issue at the moment i'm afraid elliot but if you try later this should be working fine 
have a great flight on board with us jason! 
that's really great to hear murray, thank you for your kind feedback 
that's right luke! we operate on thursdays and sundays next september 
share the transaction number we advise on the status. 
our sincere apologies, we are following up on the issue and will advise on the resolution as soon as possible. 
hi, we have been in touch and advised.
hi justice, your number is currently busy advice on the best time to call.
sorry, we do not have that information available.
we can guess how that ends 
oh no!! we hope your moth's cooled down now!
next thursday 
sorry aaron, we hope our friendship isn't over 
awww allen 
always a good excuse for a trip home?!
we have been having some issues but it should all be sorted now. what happened?
it shouldn't be as they're all trained on it. we'll pas your feedback on.
we're with you 
safety reasons.   
to assist during the journey.   
hello, apologies for this, i was under the impression it was the external doors. please can you inform the guard, they will be able 
below the statement there are timetables and a map 
yes, it can be found here &gt; 
hi marc, you can find the options on this page, i've done the details site i was looking at is on national rail enquiries under 'season ticket calculator', you can see all the details there. 
it's working for me, maybe copy and try in a different browser. 
hello, sorry for the trouble caused, reqeust you to share exact issue so we can assist you further. rgrds,sanket.
we wish to affirm that your concern has been discussed and resolution has been communicated. regards, sanket. 
as checked the details of your account you have received the benefits of the recharge.regards,arti 
as checked, it was not eligible for ur number hence not appicable. if you have snapshot of the offer please share. rgds,sanket 
request you to share the agent full name and his contact details, so that we can assist you better. regards, vicky 
apologies for the trouble. to take any further actions on your concern we will require the agent name.
apologies for the trouble. we have noted your contact detail and concern. we'll get in touch with you.
we forwarded your concern to appropriate team &amp; you shall be updated on the same shortly.
sorry we gave you a chance of being upset with the services. we are working on your concern. please bear us for sometime.
apologies for the trouble. we wish to affirm that your concern with has been discussed &amp; resolution has been communicated.
we have already forwarded your concern to higher authority and our team will connect with you and update you. rgds,sneha.
we understand the wait has been long for you. please give us some more time &amp; we will get this sorted out for you. rgds,sneha.
as informed you we have already forwarded your concern to higher authority, our team will connect with you kindly bare with us
we are working on this to get it resolved at the earliest. please bear with us for some time. rgds, amit
in this case, our team had spoken and updated on the same.
rgrds, sanket. 
we would like to inform you that you have requested for some feature activation hence, you have received the sms. rgds, yogita
sorry for the inconvenience. we've noted your concern and we will get in touch with you and discuss your concern. rgds, ganesh
please let us know convenient time to reach you as we were unable to get through on given contact number. rgds, richard
sorry for the trouble caused.we have your contact details.our team will get in touch with you.regards,
please suggest an alternate number &amp; convenient date/time to reach you as we were unable to reach you. rgds, richard
we're awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. rgds, idea care
but don't worry, we will surely look into the network site to upgrade in your area and revert you as soon as possible.
nderstand your concern. as checked, we are providing optimized network in your area.
we have noted your concern. our team will get in touch with you soon. rgds, yogita
apologies for the continued disappointment. we're experiencing a mechanical challenge with your aircraft and this has caused an upline delay. feel free to dm your confirmation number once your travel is complete for follow up. 
we don't have any additional information at this time, but you can stay up to date with your flight status here: 
we know delays are frustrating and apologize for any frustration caused, danny. we hope to make up some time so we can get you on your way later today. 
ha! whenever momma needs an extra hand, we got you! let's just make sure that any diaper changes take place in the bathroom. 
we haven't heard back from you yet. if you still need assistance, we are available . 
we provide information about services only. network rail own and maintain most of the track.
hi nicholas. nre don't run the trains, we just report on them. you can contact heathrow connect here 
#paddington connect services are suspended today due to a fault with the signalling system.
&gt;&gt; departure. refer here 
since you have sent in a airport tax refund request, you will be updated once its validated ya varun-yana
hi varun, please be advised that counters closed 1 hour before departure. however, we  can still accept up to 45 minutes &gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; booking as you are no show and refund is only available for guest request for voluntary cancellation up to 4 hours before &gt;&gt;
sorry but the case was rejected due to improper tagging, varun. as advised, only airport tax refund is available for your &gt;&gt;
hi there, we have assisted you via dm. kindly check your inbox. thanks-sha
we believe we  have assisted you the details about airport tax refund you accordingly via dm. thanks-sha
it is used to send a private tweet (twitter update) to a person you are following. &gt;&gt;&gt;
(1) on the twitter web site (a free social messaging tool), dm is short for direct message, and &gt;&gt;&gt;
dear varun, in computer and internet phrases there are multiple definitions for the dm abbreviation, including the following: &gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;we believe counter team advice same.thanks- mariya
&gt; which you reporting at counter at 16:50 hours. thus in your case only allow refund airport tax and &gt;&gt;
hi varun, kindly send an email 
hi varun, we check this booking gg7guy, you approach at check in counter within 45 minute before flight departing time &gt;&gt;
just wanted to reach out to see if you still needed assistance. let us know. we're here to help from 9a-10p est. 
just wanted to reach out to see if you still needed assistance. let us know. we're here to help from 9a-10p est. 
thank you for contacting us with this concern. i am sorry to hear of this issue. i'd like to see how i can help. 
sorry for the trouble getting through. pls visit 
i'm happy to escalate the request to our partners. pls click to send a ph number you can be contacted on. (no acct3s/pins). 
i understand the concern and appreciate you reaching out. pls visit 
i understand ur concern. i'd like for u to visit: 
thx 4 reaching out, 2 escalate ur concern 2 our citi india team pls complete the link: 
thank you for contacting us with this concern. for help from our partners in india, please visit 
hi there. thanks for reaching out to us and for bringing this to our attention. after taking a look at this email, we can confirm that it was not sent by us.
if you could please forward this email to __email__ , it would be really appreciated. i... 
most of our cards have access to a virtual account#s. which card were u interested in? i'd be happy to see if eligible. 
yes, the citi double cash card dose have the vans available. you can apply online &amp; review our card products &amp; benefits 
 please keep an eye on our web page for such updates. thanks 
 hi chlo, this feature isn't available at present although it may change in the future.
good evening carrie-ann, we're so sorry but the beauty advent calender has been so popular and sold out across a lot of our stores. we can of course double check this for you though, if you could dm us your postcode? 
sorry! please give us a call at 1-800-jetblue so we can help you reserve those seats.
you never know where we'll be able to fly next but for now you'll have to make a connection from jfk through bos.
yes! we'll start service bos-msp on /2018. 
hey ashley, we don't have a set date for when these will be restocked, it is a matter of continually checking the website for 
so sorry for the delayed response danny! are you able to send us a dm to tell us more? 
candy with great deals? amazing! what treat will you be grabbing up?
come grab some great treats! which candy is your favorite?
keep an eye for every update in our social media, for more info send me a dm to help you.  
thank you for reaching out to us. for security reasons kindly delete the system service tag from the public message.(1
further assistance. click on the link: 
how to find the system service tag. (5)
contact our sales team if you want to purchase a new motherboard.  kindly dm the system service tag if you require any(3)
activate windows after the motherboard is replaced as the windows product key is embedded on the motherboard. you may (2)
thank you for reaching out to us. changing the motherboard will not affect windows. however, you may have to (1)
we have replied to you via direct message. 
kindly forward your number for clarification. so
we apologize for any inconvenience you may have experienced. please describe the exact difficulty. thank you. uo.
hi kelly, we've replied your dm. check it out. thanks.
what carrier is your order with? 
oh no! i'm sorry for the delay. please keep us in the loop and let us know if you receive the package by the new date. 
sorry to hear this contact us so we can escalate to the carrier :  
what was advised when you spoke with us directly? 
please give us a call: 
hola, apenas est disponible el contenido ser anunciado directamente en la pgina web. mantente atenta  
certainly unintended, bunty. please share your details here: 
thanks for confirming. we'll check this and get back with an update shortly. 
once we receive the details, we'd get back to you the latest by 12 hours. appreciate your patience. 
i'm sorry for the stretch. we're working on the issue and will reach out to you end of the day today. 
email id. kindly check it here: 
as mentioned earlier, if you've shared your details previously, you'll be seeing a correspondence to your registered  
kindly check the correspondence sent to your registered email and reply to it. we'll help you further. 
we're currently working on your issue. we'll contact you with an update soon. request you to wait for an update. 
apologies for the ordeal. we'll get back to you as soon as we have an update. 
i assure you, we're truly sorry for the stretch. our team will get back to you with an update surely. 
apologies for the unpleasant experience, this wasn't intended. we request your patience while we work on it 
i get your disappointment. as requested, please give us sometime to work and we'll get back to you with an update soon. 
i'm sorry for the delay in delivery. please get in touch with us via 
ol, no momento no temos esta informao, mas fique de olho no site e midias socias para mais novidades.  
de nada. caso precisar de informao adicional,  s perguntar  
as informed, as you've already shared the details, we'll look into the issue and get back to you soon. 
hi, sorry to see that. when is the order due to be dispatched: 
 for details on how shipping and delivery dates are calculated, please see here: 
you're welcome. please let us know if you have any other questions or concerns, we're here for you!  
one-day shipping refers to the transit time in business days after an order has shipped. 
i'm sorry, i'm unable to comprehend your concern, could you please elaborate the issue. 
hi pam, have we missed the date given in your order confirmation email? what info is visible here: 
so sorry for the delay, pam! please contact us here: 
julianaaa, assim voc abala nossos coraes com tanto amor!   
aaaah, que amor! te mandamos um super abrazoo   
hey vishal, she can do a lot more than that. trying saying "alexa, beatbox for me". 
i'm sorry to know about that. kindly connect with us here: 
sorry for the trouble. we'd like to troubleshoot this with you in real-time, pls contact us: 
hi, sorry you've had trouble getting in touch! do you see one order, or several here: 
thanks for clarifying. we'd like to help, contact us by phone or chat at anytime: 
wonderful! thanks so much for sharing your experience with us!  let us know if you have any other questions/concerns. 
we'd like to hear more about your experience. go ahead and dm us more details here: 
we'd like to hear more about your experience. reach out to us in dm. 
we completely understand and want to help. please reach out to our itunes support team directly here: 
#applewatch helps you meet your fitness goals. 
here's how to start a high intensity interval training workout and set a goal. 
we'd like to take a closer look at this with you. reach out via dm with the details. 
you're welcome.
 we offer support via twitter in english. contact us for help in your preferred language here: 
send us a dm. we'll continue working from there. 
you don't have to sign up to be a developer. but itunes connect support is done through the same support.
we'd want to get you to our developer support for assistance: 
let's work together to find the best solution. to clarify, have you tried quitting the messages app and restarting?
alright, good to know. let's double check the items listed under "set up sms and mms messaging": 
perfect. next up, let's try restarting your mac in safe mode to see if the behavior persists: 
no worries. we're here every day from 5am to 8pm, pacific. feel free to dm us once you have a chance to try that out. 
glad to help. let us know what ios is running there let's have a closer look at things.
ios 11.1 is available now. you can update using the steps here: 
send us a dm and let us know what version of ios you're running. we'll go from there. 
we'd like to work with you on this. please give us a little more detail in dm. we can help from there. 
we want you to be able to update your mac.  please send us a dm, so we can take a closer look. 
we'd love to help.  send us over a dm with your exact ios version and iphone model.  we'll go from there. 
we offer support via twitter in english. contact us for help in your preferred language here: 
we offer support via twitter in english. contact us for help in your preferred language here: 
we offer support via twitter in english. get help in spanish here: 
hey there. we'd be happy to help. send us a dm so we can look into the issue with you there. 
let us help. dm us more details. 
hey there. we'll be happy to answer that. check out more about force touch here: 
we'd be happy to look into this with you.  please reach out to us via dm and we'll get started. 
we're here to help. let's take this to dm so we can better assist you. 
please let us know in dm when these issues happen with your iphone and well continue there: 
we'd be more than happy to look into this with you. what version of ios are you using and are your apps up-to-date?
okay. send us a dm, and we'll continue to help out from there. 
since deleting the messages, have you checked to see if they appear in the trash on the icloud website? 
hello. we are here to help. what type of device are you using?
we're here to help you. dm us and we can take a closer look at your issues there. 
wed like to get this issue resolved. meet us in dm if you'd like to continue.
we want to help. does this happen in all apps or just a few? tell us in dm. 
great question! you can customize your zumba workout. check this out: 
great question. that should work fine.  are you having any issues there?
thanks for reaching out. send us a dm and we'll work together there. 
we want to help. join us in dm so we may look further into this. 
 our online store team is best suited to help with your question. you can reach them here: 
you're welcome. enjoy your day!
here's a great article to help guide you through cleaning your apple watch: 
we want you to enjoy using your iphone. does the iphone become unresponsive when using certain apps?
alright. what is the current ios version installed in settings &gt; general &gt; about? have you updated all of your apps as well? 
hi again, in this case, please write to us at 
...details, feel free to dm us  thank you! 
...number and pin via the admin console. as you have issues accessing your dropbox account, were happy to assist going forward from here. please write to us at 
hi abigail! please dm us your perks email so we can take a look into this for you. thanks!
we take this very seriously. please send us a dm with your email address so we can connect asap.
we're so sorry this was your experience. please send us a note here; 
we're always looking to expand. you can go here 
you can see our hours and delivery area at 
here to help! send us a dm with your email address so we can assist.
here to help! send us a note at 
sorry to hear about that! can you please contact us via 
hi, thanks for taking the time to contact us. can you please dm me your name, address and order number? thanks. arif
hi sara, if you dm us your full name, address and postcode we can log your request which will go under review :)
you can try using a different computer to see if it helps. also, try resetting your password at 
thanks for clarifying! can you dm us your account's email address? we'll take a look backstage /cb 
thanks! can you try using an incognito/ private window or a different browser? does that make any difference? /jp
hey, we'd love to help! can you send us a screenshot of the exact error message you're getting? we'll take a closer look /jp
i apologize for the overall experience, are you still experiencing issues with all services?
the name (your name), service address, and phone number linked to the account so i can better assist you.
i received your service address, therefore, i will continue our discussion in private.
hi there, jayme! i can certainly support you with your order. send me a dm and i will be happy to help. 
please send a dm and wait for us to respond. if you send a public right after it will erase the dm. thanks! 
would you mind sending it one more time? for some reason it didn't come through. just wait for us to respond to your dm. 
if you could shoot us a dm really quick we'd be more than happy to check on that for your! thanks so much! 
of address and postcode for data protection, as well as your questions.  
so they can take a look for you. just dm us your full name, executive club account number, email address and your first line 
our fleet is getting younger everyday, soon all of our plane will have outlets.
what's your flight number this morning? we'll take a look.
we currently have an estimated departure time of 10:22a and should be in the air towards phl shortly. our apologies for the late start.
we're very sorry for the wait and we so appreciate your understanding.
we currently have an estimated departure time of 7a out of lax. it shouldn't be too long for us to get in the air. thanks for your patience.
we have your dm and will answer you there, lancy.
great! let us know if you need anything in the future. we are here . have a great day paul. 
paul, i do apologize for the issues you are experiencing with our service and i will be happy to assist. can you ... 
great news! we have free live tv onboard, so you won't have to miss a minute. 
we got ya covered jp. let us know if you need anything else're here to help. 
it's an honor to have him with us for his first flight! we hope it's a great one. 
uh-oh! we're happy to look into this for you. when you have a chance, please reach out to us here: 
sorry for the delay! our viewer experience team is working to get to each and every user asap. we appreciate your patience.
we'll share your feedback! check out: 
hi pedro! could you please follow us so we can further assist you.
hiya! i have sent an email to our buyer who will look into this for you.
hi mattie, i've chased this up with our buyer, we'll be back in touch as soon as we get a response. :)
allow us to assist, please send a contact number in a dm so we can call you and further review your issues. sup aa
i'm sorry for the trouble. what makes you feel this way? please send us a direct message, so that we can further assist you.
hsorry about this phil, was this served in our cafe or purchased from the store?
we're sorry to hear this. can you dm us the phone number associated with your account?
hi there! please dm us with your phone number so we can further assist you. 
hi there! please dm us with your phone number so we can further assist you with this. 
hey there! can you dm us a screenshot of what you're seeing? 
i appreciate your feedback, i've fed your comments back to the relevant department for further investigation. mariya
prices will go up and down depending on a number of factors but well always aim to give our customers value for money. steven
we're very excited about this. steven
hi eric! please dm us your perks email so we can take a look into this for you. thanks!
hi karen. the service departs pewsey at 16.27. where have you seen the 16.03 timing please?
thanks karen. i will make aware
sorry to hear this phil. have you spoken to catering staff about this?
a catering service is expected to be aboard this afternoon. have you visited the express cafe?
hi there phil. apologies for this. which train are you on please?
it has just left weymouth now and is expected at dorchester west at 13:58. lewis
the service departed late due to the train crew being delayed in earlier disruption which the emergency services attended to.
hi tim. sorry for the delay. it hasn't left weymouth yet. i'll try and get an updated eta now. lewis
have a smashing time, paul!
if nobody is in the seats, please feel free to move. 
by all means sit there, just pay the upgrade fee when they check tickets. 
oh no, are you able to move to a different seat? 
if you send us one we can assist.  
there isn't anything we can do from here, you'd need the railcard for the ticket to be valid. 
have a great journey. 
please check out this link for assistance with your account. 
not that we're aware of, jess.  is this for your cellular or residential service? 
that's not good at all! are you having the same experience with the app on all devices jess? 
have you tried the "my fios" app?  
what has you wanting to leave us. monica?  let us help turn things around for you. 
what happened and how can we make it right? 
thank you for the feedback. you would need to continue with that process with tier 3 support. we don't want to cause any complications. 
please use link below to send your full name/zip/phone/account type and well follow up with you. 
thank you for letting us know. 
any of our financial centers can issue a temporary card and order a new card for you. 
thanks for the shout-out! if you have any questions or concerns, please let us know. 
i'm with chase and would like to offer my assistance. can you please dm more details about this?  
we saw your tweet and wanted to let you know we're here if you need any help. 
id like to take a closer look at this for you. could you please dm your name &amp; zip code?  
we're here to help. if you have any account questions, please let us know. 
we're pleased we can help bring you joy! please let us know if you ever need our support. have a wonderful day! 
hi zach, could you confirm which business account you applied for? $99 is the price for a personal account on an annual plus plan.
sorry to hear this mel, i sent a reply to your other tweet about how to proceed. thanks! 
perfect! they get 8 days to resolve things and after that, you should have the option to escalate if necessary. 
oh no mel! make sure you start a return: 
that shouldn't be happening. can you provide us with the url you're accessing ebay from and a screenshot? 
thanks for providing that, but the info i requested isn't in the threads. we're going to need this to fully investigate. 
it's okay. if you run into this again, please let us know. 
excellent question and im glad you asked. accept it and use the return label. that way it tracks correctly. 
anytime robby! dont hesitate to let us know if you have any other questions and thanks for choosing ebay. 
have you reached out to us here: 
oh my goodness! i'm sorry this happened, justin. we are always looking for ways to improve and we value your input! please take a moment to provide your feedback on the packaging here: 
jc, recuerda que si tienes preguntas o necesitas de otra asistencia por favor no dudes en contactarnos. 
jc miarro, sentimos las molestias. estamos alegres de que has recibido tu pedido, recuerda que puedes reportar el atraso de la entrega con nuestros compaeros de soporte al cliente. 
te recomendamos esperar a la respuesta por parte de la compaa de transporte, en caso de que no te responda mantennos al tanto para ayudarte. saludos! 
lamento mucho esta experiencia. pudiste reportar lo sucedido con la empresa de transportes? 
could you provide your email address, postcode and full name on account in an dm so that i can have a look, please?charlotte
i just replied. feel free to tweet us any time! 
we're not sure that would work but we're happy to look into it  could you dm your full postcode please? 
how long have you had signal issues for there leon? we're happy to take a closer look but would need the full postcode please.
thanks, how long have you had issues there?
 as advised our network modernisation is in full swing in the area at the moment. we'd don't have a timescale for completion.
we're working hard to improve our service across the whole of the uk. please let us know if we can help with anything else.
 we'd like to help nick, is this happening in the same areas as we discussed with you in october? have things deteriorated since? please dm us more info. 
we've replied to your dm now 
 could you drop us a dm with the full postcode of the affected area? we'll take a closer look  
we're aware of an issue in the general area, nick. are other o2 users affected? try these handy tips: 
joking aside...pre-orders will be delivered from 3 nov. you'll receive a notification when yours has been dispatched
we'll be in touch as soon as it's dispatched 
 this may help jacob: 
we don't want you to feel that way. what issue are you having with the service?
let's take a closer look. could you dm us your full address and the primary name on the account.
thank you cannot depart between 16:29:31
you can find this on national rail or let me know the restriction code from the ticket (a two character alpha-numerical code)
hello, thanks for your tweet jez but i am afraid it isn't possible to reserve seats on our services
yes at ngara civil service estate. if you are in the estate, dm your number, block and house number we assist.
hi, we have been in touch and assisted. 
we've called him and advised. 
please confirm that you are facing this issue only on airtel numbers or on other networks also. rgds, yogita
request you to co-ordinate with the person whom you are calling to check on airtel for the same. rgds, yogita
we understand your concern is addressed. regards, prashant
apologies for this joe, it are aware and are working to rectify the problem. 
hi joe, you can see timetables for the strike here &gt; 
please reply as a direct message so that i can assist you better. regards ^ sanal... 
hi, thanks for tweeting. which printer do you use ? please remove ink cartridges and reboot the printer and check...
to better assist you, click on the option below and reply. thanks!   
please reply as a direct message so that i can assist you better. regards ^ sanal... 
hey marc, saw your tweet! what seems to be the issue? what's the product number of your hp product?...
please use the link to send us a direct message for more
please reply as a direct message so that i can assist you better. regards ^ sanal..... 
i did not hear back from you yet. please let me know whether your issue is resolved or you need additional help.
i did not hear back from you yet. please let me know whether your issue is resolved or you need additional help. .
....click the link below and send us a direct message.   
hi, there! i'm here to help. what's the printer model? which os on pc, is it windows or mac? could you please.... 
hi, there! thanks for reaching out, i'm here to help. what's the printer model? click the link below to send us a direct message.  
please reply as a direct message so that i can assist you better regards ^ sanal... 
hi, thanks for tweeting. which printer do you use? please clean copper contact points and check if that helps...
kindly click to send us a private message and we will work to resolve: 
hi, i'd like to help. :) try re-installing the driver. let me know. :) 
hi, kathy! thanks for reaching out, i might be able to help. what seems to be the issue? let me know! 
__email__ so that we may review. appreciate your vigilance.
good morning. thanks for bringing this to our attention. please forward any suspicious email to
at this time, it appears that we do not.
we appreciate the feedback, but no news on any changes with the platinum card. details at: 
good morning. can i help with something? it appears that we do not have specifics on these cards. 
good night. we'll be back tomorrow.
please let us know. safe travels.
hi there. sorry to hear this. if you can provide us with the name and location of the business, we will reach out to them.
good morning, thanks for reaching out. the changes start january 2018. enjoy your day.
if you're running into issues with your iphone, we'd like to help you out. please send a dm with the exact issue(s) you're experiencing, along with the version of the ios software you currently have installed. 
i'm sorry we missed our mark. did you receive an e-mail about a delay? have you called to report this? 
i know how frustrating this is. we ask that you allow until 8pm today to deliver. if the item's not received, let us know! 
aw shucks! you're going to make us blush!  
you can find information here on how to get this cancelled: 
if you have questions, let us know! 
let's see! please reach out to us by phone or chat for live troubleshooting steps here: 
how can we resist this plea! sorry for the troubles downloading your content! have you tried this? 
hi, sorry, can you tell us a bit more about the issue you're facing? 
oh no! please contact us here: 
we aren't able to see accounts w/ twitter so thank you for e-mailing us! please keep us posted on the results of your e-mail. 
hi, sorry to hear that, can you send us a link to the item you're referring to? 